Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Left craniotomy for tumor History of Present Illness: transient ischemic stroke 3 years ago who presented to an 0820 this am. The numbness progressed quickly up the right leg wrist, and further up the body to the right neck, face, and leg due to the numbness and that he felt uncoordinated. He worse than the "mini stroke" 3 years ago, hyperlipidemia, gout lives at home with his wife. NC Physical Exam: O: T:98.9 BP: 136/98 HR:82 R: 16 O2Sats:98% on room Gen: comfortable, NAD. HEENT: Pupils: 3-2mm bilaterally EOMs:intact Neck: Supple. Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Recall: objects at 5 minutes. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension and repetition. I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, 3 to 2 III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Right strength deltoids , hamstrings , IP 3-/5 all other Sensation: Intact to light touch, propioception bilaterally. Toes downgoing bilaterally No clonus Coordination: normal on finger-nose-finger on left difficulty on movements. At Discharge: ________________ Pertinent Results: 2.5-cm hyperdense extra-axial mass extending from the inner of the left posterior frontal/anterior parietal bone with small hemorrhage. At the level of this mass, there is left parietal 4 edema. This may represent, though uncommon, a convexity Recommend MRI to further evaluate. Other lesion not excluded. MRA brain enhancement and associated intraparenchymal hemorrhage in the extra-axial location and involvement of the adjacent bone is extra-axial masses should be considered in the differential somewhat unusual for a meningioma. CT abdomen pelvis lesions. If further evaluation as small cystic foci are difficult to represent an infectious or inflammatory process. Adjacent finding does not appear malignant, given the patient's history amenable to visualization by colonoscopy. 1.6 cm. commonly characterize 1. 14mm left retrocrural lymph node. The significance of this is 2. Multiple lesions within the liver, which were indeterminate likely represent multiple biliary hamartomas or cyst. No lesion. adenomas, but this is not definite as this was not a dedicated Left parietal mass with invasion of the adjacent dural However, aggressive the adjacent superior sagittal sinus, thrombosis of an adjacent 1. Status post left parietal craniotomy and resection. Normal 2. No acute infarction. No hydrocephalus. hematoma. study Mr. was admitted to the neuromedicine service on demonstrated an extra-axial mass with surrounding meningeal Appearance is suggestive of a meningioma, but given the ruled out. CT abdomen/pelvis and follow up MRI showed no were negative. He was on Keppra 1500mg and Gabapentin 300mg the OR for craniotomy on . He was transfered after strength improved. He was transferred to the floor in stable a PO diet. He was seen by the physical therapy team and it was be DC'd to rehab in stable condition. Zantac, Aspirin 81 mg, Lopressor 1. metoprolol succinate 25 mg Tablet Extended Release 24 hr Sig: 2. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 3. gabapentin 300 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO Q8H (every 4. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO BID (2 5. psyllium Packet Sig: One (1) Packet PO TID (3 times a 6. heparin (porcine) 5,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) ml 7. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 8. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times 9. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 10. senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 11. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID Discharge Disposition: Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Condition: good Mental status: normal Discharge Instructions: signs of infection. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You may wash your hair only after sutures and/or staples have you must keep that area dry for 10 days. your head. medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking while taking narcotic pain medication. anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and ?????? If you have been prescribed Dilantin (Phenytoin) for laboratory blood drawing in one week. This can be drawn at your If you have been discharged on Keppra (Levetiracetam), you will ?????? If you are being sent home on steroid medication, make sure Protonix, or Pepcid), as these medications can cause stomach meals, or a glass of milk. your post-operative office visit. at home. FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at 1 p.m The Brain Clinic is located on the of , in the Building. Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions. gadolinium contrast. If you are required to have a MRI, you may days of your MRI. This can be measured by your PCP, in for your appointment. Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Left temporal craniotomy for mass resection 55-year-old male who initially presented s/p seizures with a lobe on MRI of his brain. Also recent finding of a chest lesion purposes, surgery was recommended and risks and benefits were Past Medical History: Notable for 1.5 PPD TOB for the past 30+ years NC Physical Exam: On admission: Nonfocal On discharge: strength full, sensation intact, ambulatory ecchymosis secondary to surgery Pertinent Results: 1. Subtle foci of high attenuation layering along the sulci of lobes, bilaterally; a small amount of post-operative extra-axial hemorrhage. 2. Expected post-operative changes with resection cavity within temporal region and pneumocephalus. MRI BRAIN resection of a previously known rim-enhancing mass lesion in the identified consistent with pneumocephalus, residual blood towards the right with approximately 2 mm of deviation. No new noted in the mastoid air cells bilaterally. Patient presented electively on for resection of left procedure well and was extubated int he operating room. He was post-op head CT showed minimal blood in the resection cavity. exam was nonfocal with the exception of mild affect change. He remained stable voernight. On the morning of his exam was without difficulty, was tolerating a diet and was deemed fit for follow-up in the brain tumor clinic. Medications on Admission: 1. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 3. Famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 4. Oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) Disp:*45 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: See Taper Order below Tablet PO four times a day: Please take 4mg(2 tablets) 4 times a day on then take 2mg(1 tablet) 2 times a day until your appointment on Disp:*45 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. not require blood work monitoring. are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while ?????? You had a seizure and cannot drive for 6 months FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at , in the Building, . Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: PRINCIPAL PROCEDURE: 2. Intraoperative image guidance. 4. Duraplasty. 50 yo M who experienced new onset seizures in of this year, for elective resection. He brain biopsy with Dr. grade 2. He has been seen in Brain Clinic by Dr. postoperatively. He is doing well, seizure free on Keppra HTN, Right Temporal olidendroglioma grade 2 Social History: mechanic, and admits to some exposure to refrigerant fluid. He smoker, quit six years ago. He drinks regularly. Non contributory Physical Exam: On Admission: Nonfocal concentration, attention, memory, and language. On cranial nerve reactive. Full visual fields. Face symmetric. Speech is intact On motor examination, Strength is in all muscle groups. Sensation intact to light touch and vibration. Normal Gait. Pertinent Results: non-enhancing right temporal lobe mass. Previously noted focus parietotemporal region. No hydrocephalus. Radiology CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST -- 1. Post-surgical frontoparietal pneumocephalus. minimal evidence of right craniectomy for a right parietal mass excision with a cavity. compared to the preoperative examination raises the possibility anterior, and posterior to the surgical cavity. However, the enhanced preoperatively do appear to have been resected. postoperative. 04:10PM GLUCOSE-159* UREA N-24* CREAT-1.0 SODIUM-139 04:10PM estGFR-Using this 04:10PM CALCIUM-9.0 PHOSPHATE-4.9*# MAGNESIUM-2.1 12:31PM TYPE-ART RATES-14/ TIDAL VOL-600 O2-51 INTUBATED-INTUBATED VENT-CONTROLLED 12:31PM GLUCOSE-112* LACTATE-3.1* NA+-136 K+-3.7 12:31PM HGB-14.5 calcHCT-44 O2 SAT-98 12:31PM freeCa-1.09* Brief Hospital Course: temporal tumor on . Postoperatively he was extubated and blood pressure controll less than 140. His dexamethasone was 10 days. Postop CT head demonstrated expected post-operative mornign of he was examined and felt to be stable for evaluated by PT and OT to establish a discharge plan. The the patient was stable without complaints. Physical therapy services. The patient received instructions, prescriptions, and Dexamethasone 4mg Daily, Keppra 1000mg TID Discharge Medications: 1. oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every 4-6 hours as Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 2. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for pain: do no exceed 4g/day. 3. senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 4. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 5. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 6. hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO 7. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day as 8. dexamethasone 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO every six (6) hours for 1 days: start . Disp:*2 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 9. dexamethasone 1.5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO every eight (8) hours for 1 days: start . Disp:*6 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 10. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO every twelve (12) hours for 1 days: start . Disp:*2 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 11. dexamethasone 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO every twelve (12) hours for 1 days: start . Disp:*2 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. General Instructions/Information ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with PCP??????s office, but please have the results faxed to . not require blood work monitoring. you are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while Followup Instructions: surgery) for removal of your staples/sutures and/or a wound Please make this appointment by calling . If you for the same, with your PCP. Brain Clinic is located on the of , in or email in 3 days please schedule an appointment, please call appointment, or require additional directions. contrast. If you are required to have a MRI, you may also of your MRI. This can be measured by your PCP, please your appointment.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Right Frontal Craniotomy for resection of mass This is a 38 year old man with metastatic melanoma. He has a in treatment. He has had daily headaches at home associated with clinic on . He denies, change in vision, dizziness, speach resection of recurrent tumor. metastatic melanoma to the brain s/p 2200 (2) status post resection of small intestine with metastatic s/p skin grafting for melanoma Lives with significant other . does not smoke and Family History: years ago. His paternal uncle had esophageal cancer and Physical Exam: BP: 124/75. Heart Rate: 84. Weight: 155.3. Height: 69. BMI: Temperature: 98.1. Resp. Rate: 16. Gen: thin, WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT: Pupils: EOMs intact Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Recall: objects at 5 minutes. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension and repetition. I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, 4 to 3 III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Sensation: Intact to light touch Toes downgoing bilaterally Coordination: normal on finger-nose-finger PHYSICAL EXAM UPON DISCHARGE: *** Pertinent Results: 1. Study for surgical planning redemonstrating the right frontal heterogeneously enhancing lesion with moderate-to-marked and leftward shift of midline structures. No new enhancing : NCHCT- IMPRESSION: Immediate post-operative changes, evidence of acute hemorrhage or infarction. MRI BRAIN-1. Post-surgical changes in the right frontal limited on the present study. shift of midline structures and mass effect on the right lateral Brief Hospital Course: for resection of recurrent tumor. Postoperatively he was and systolic blood pressure control less than 140. He remained pain which was controlled with IV medications. On POD#1 he was cleared for transfer to the floor. Arterial line performed for post operative baseline on . He to narcotic pain medication because of the side effects. He slightly worsened. On POD 3, the day of discharge he was tolerating a regular diet, He will discharge home with close follow-up on . Acetaminophen 325 to 650 mg q.i.d. p.r.n. pain, Sarna lotion times 5 days, Benadryl 25 to 50 p.r.n. loose stools, iron 325 mg p.o. daily, gabapentin 1 to p.r.n. nausea/vomiting, Compazine 10 mg q.i.d. p.r.n. Eucerin cream topically 1. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 2. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q6H (every 3. hydralazine 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 4. dexamethasone 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8hr () for Disp:*6 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. dexamethasone 1.5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q8hr () Disp:*12 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8hr () for Disp:*6 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 7. dexamethasone 0.5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q8hr () Disp:*12 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 8. dexamethasone 0.5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q12hr () Disp:*4 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 9. butalbital-acetaminophen-caff 50-325-40 mg Tablet Sig: One 10. oxycodone-acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 11. pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One Disp:*30 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 12. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*64 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. Discharge Instructions: signs of infection. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You may wash your hair only after staples have been removed. your head. medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking while taking narcotic pain medication. anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and ?????? If you are being sent home on steroid medication, make sure Protonix, or Pepcid), as these medications can cause stomach meals, or a glass of milk. your post-operative office visit. at home. FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ?????? Please return to the office in days (from your date of appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. Please ?????? You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on: 09:40a SYMPHONY RADIOLOGY 11:00a ,FONKEM NEUROLOGY UNIT CC8 (SB) The Brain Clinic is located on the of , . Please call if you need to change your ?????? You will need an MRI of the brain with and without gadolinium
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Right Craniotomy for resection of recurrent tumor is a 45-year-old right-handed man with a right deleted. He is here with his sister after a head MRI done in remained unchanged neurologically. Denies any headaches, the "twinge" that lasts seconds. He notices it most when he is not changed. He is s/p: 2. Monthly Temodar for one year ending 4. Dose-dense temozolomide (7 on/7 off) /09 Past Medical History: Past Medical History: noncontributory. Social History: He has 3 boys ages 9, 13, and 17. Works full as a manager at Lumber Liquidators. NC Physical Exam: VITAL SIGNS: Blood pressure 126/62, heart rate of 60, GENERAL: Well appearing, pleasant, no acute distress. HEENT: Anicteric sclerae. Oropharynx clear. Tongue pink. CARDIOVASCULAR: Regular rate and rhythm; no murmurs, rubs, or RESPIRATORY: Even and unlabored respirations. Clear to ABDOMEN: Soft, nontender, nondistended. EXTREMITIES: No edema. NEUROLOGIC: Cranial nerves II through XII intact. Pupils No visual field defects appreciated. Strength is full in upper Finger-to-nose intact bilaterally. Tandem gait intact. Romberg. No pronator drift. Speech is fluent. He is alert, On Discharge: neuro intact, ambulatory in halls without adequate diet Pertinent Results: Interval resection of a large right parietooccipital mass, with post-surgical expected post-op change Brief Hospital Course: for resection of recurrent oligodendroglioma, he tolerated the trasnferred to the ICU post-operatively. He recieved his post-op remained stable overnight. On the morning of 6.23 he recieved floor. He remained stable overnight on the floor and was fit for discharge to home without services. He was given medications and discharged. Medications on Admission: 1. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 2. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 3. Zofran 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO q8hours as needed Disp:*15 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: per taper Tablet PO per taper: every 6 hours on , take 2mg (1 tab) on and Disp:*50 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. General Instructions/Information ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. you are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at , in the Building, . Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions.
