Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: History of Present Illness: MRI. Patient states that she has been feeling unwell for 2 days which became concerned for a brain lesion and ordered MRI of edema and minimal midline shift. Neurosurgery was consulted for change in vision. Ulcerative colitis CREST syndrome >40 pack year smoking history with ongoing 1/2ppd use. Rare a great deal of stress in her life related to this. Mother alive at > years. No other known diagnosed colitis or bowel disease. Physical Exam: O: T:98.6 BP:92/54 HR:62 R:16 O2Sats:97% Gen: WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT: telangiectasia Pupils: 4-3mm bilaterally EOMs: intact Neuro: Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Recall: objects at 5 minutes. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension and repetition. I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light,4 to 3 III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Sensation: Intact to light touch On Discharge: incision c/d/i with staples Pertinent Results: 1. Large enhancing mass with hemorrhage in the right frontal associated significant perilesional edema causing mass effect on structures to the left. This is concerning for metastasis. 2. Small enhancing lesions in the right and left parietal bones 3. Diffuse T1 hypointensity noted of the marrow of the skull, represent marrow reconversion. However, possibility of marrow 1. Post-right frontal tumor resection, with no evidence of acute mass effect at the surgical bed. the right 1. Post-surgical changes, along with fluid-filled cavity at the resection site in the right frontal lobe, with blood products relate to the reactive changes. No obvious nodular enhancement assessment of the tumor after resolution of the reactive midline structures, with leftward displacement of the anterior Brief Hospital Course: appetite. Patient's oncologist recommended an MRI of head which neurosurgery service for further evaluation and monitoring. On operatively, she was extubated and transferred to the ICU. Post edema. On , MRI head was completed which showed vasogenic , patient remained stable on exam, PT has cleared her safe Amlodipine, Celebrex, citalopram, OxyContin, oxycodone, acetaminophen, prochlorperazine maleate, 1. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 2. amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. citalopram 20 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 4. lorazepam 0.5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8H (every 8 5. prochlorperazine maleate 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO 6. spironolactone 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 7. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 8. mesalamine 400 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: Two (2) 9. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q12H (every 12 10. oxycodone 10 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO Q12H (every 11. oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4H (every 4 Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 12. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO refer to other instructions: Please take 3mg (1.5 tabs) Q6H x 1 day, then Disp:*QS Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with PCP??????s office, but please have the results faxed to . not require blood work monitoring. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days(from your date of for a wound check. Please make this appointment by You are scheduled to see Dr. on at 3pm. His office call with any further questions Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: s/p intracranial repair of skull base defect History of Present Illness: with persistent CSF leak. As stated above Social History: Family History: AVSS EOM full, anicteric Chest clear Abdomen soft NTND Neuro: CN 2-12 intact. Motor: throughout upper and lower Sensation intact throughout. Fine motor normal. Brief Hospital Course: any neurological development. On the floor his diet was vancomycin and gentamycin x 3 doses each. He remained afebrile, passed a CSF rhinorrhea challenge without evidence of discharge. Keppra 500 1. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Oxycodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. Levetiracetam 250 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: good, neurologically intact Discharge Instructions: infection ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You may wash your hair only after sutures and/or staples have ?????? You may shower before this time with assistance and use of a ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber as pain medicine ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. as prescribed and follow up with laboratory blood drawing as ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at FOLLOWING: ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities relieved by pain medication ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F PLEASE RETURN TO THE OFFICE IN DAYS FOR REMOVAL OF YOUR TO BE SEEN IN 4 WEEKS. ARE DISCHARGED FROM THE HOSPITAL.
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Cerebral Angiogram with stent and coiling of aneurysm 41yo F with 8d history of persistent HA, nausea, photophobia. only symptomatic medications. Was seen at OSH and CT, per complains of continued HA and photophobia; no nausea PMHx: migraines no smoke, no etoh Family History: PHYSICAL EXAM: O: T: 97.6 BP: 116/59 HR:61 R:18 O2Sats:99% Gen: WD/WN, uncomfortable. HEENT: Pupils: 3->2 EOMs: intact Neck: Supple. Lungs: CTA bilaterally. Cardiac: RRR. S1/S2. Abd: Soft, NT, BS+ Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Mental status: Awake and uncomfortable, cooperative with exam, Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension and repetition. I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, to III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Sensation: Intact to light touch, propioception, pinprick and Reflexes: B T Br Pa Ac Awake alert oriented / non focal neurological exam with medication. Pertinent Results: CTA HEAD: There is a 1.5 x 1 cm saccular aneurysm arising from supraclinoid ICA. The aneurysm appears to be arising from the ophthalmic artery origins appear to be distinct from the site of approximately 4 mm. Vessels of the anterior and posterior occlusion, or dissection. IMPRESSION: 1.5-cm right supraclinoid ICA aneurysm as described evidence of subarachnoid hemorrhage. CT Head : IMPRESSION: No subarachnoid hemorrhage. Right ICA aneurysm, CEREBRAL ANGIOGRAM: Patient was admitted to Neurology on to the neuro ICU vomiting that was somewhat difficult to control. On , pt review dictated operative report for details. She was extubated condition. Postoperatively pt was transferred to Neurosurgery - improved nausea and po intake. She remained neurologially stable. She was cleared for home by PT /OT. none Discharge Medications: 1. aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 2. oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every 4-6 hours as Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 3. clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily) Disp:*27 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. butalbital-acetaminophen-caff 50-325-40 mg Tablet Sig: One headache. Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. prednisone 10 mg Tablet Sig: Taper PO once a day for 3 days: 1 day. Then 1 tablet by mouth x 1 day. Then stop taking the Disp:*6 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. Pepcid 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day: while Disp:*12 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Right ICA aneurysm alert oriented x 3 full strength, independent with ambulation Angiogram with Embolization and/or Stent placement Medications: ?????? Take Plavix (Clopidogrel) 75mg once daily for 1 month unless otherwise directed post procedure pain or discomfort. What activities you can and cannot do: ?????? You may shower (let the soapy water run over groin incision, ?????? Your incision may be left uncovered, unless you have small band aid over the area that is draining, as needed 1 week (to allow groin puncture to heal). ?????? After 1 week, gradually increase your activities and distance ?????? No driving until you are no longer taking pain medications What to report to office: half vision) ?????? Severe headache or worsening headache not controlled by pain ?????? A sudden change in the ability to move or use your arm or leg ?????? Trouble swallowing, breathing, or talking ?????? Temperature greater than 101.5F for 24 hours green drainage from incisions (Groin puncture site) to area for 10 minutes. If bleeding stops, call our office. If Emergency Room! Please follow-up with Dr in 4 weeks, no new imaging appointment. You will also need a follow-up MRI/MRA in 6 months. PLEASE CALL AND ARRANGE FOR AN APPOINTMENT TO BE SEEN IN THE TO SEE DR. . AT Office Phone: ( Office Location: One Place, Department: Anesthesia
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Left Craniotomy for Brain Mass 55 year old female with progressive neurological decline who was lesion that was causing significant mass effect. Past Medical History: -fatty cyst coccyx posterior paresthesia from recent chiropractic treatment -heartburn -tonsillectomy -3 cesarean sections Social History: Non-contributory Physical Exam: A&O x 3. PERRL. EOMS intact. Face symmetric. Tongue midline. Motor left side. Right leg is plegic with 1/5 quad contraction. Incision clean, dry, intact. Sutures in place. Pertinent Results: Post-op imaging showing resection of mass with no midline shift There is no residual tumor. There is some DWI signal abnormality The patient was taken to the OR for elective resection of a patient. During the procedure the posterior cortical vein in the proximally thrombosed off. The surgery was technically difficult motor strip was able to be preserved. The patient was taken to had right hemiplegic post-operatively. Her post-operative MRI but had difficulty with coordination with that arm. Her RLE transferred to the neurosurgical floor. She remained on strength in her RUE was significantly improved on the day of Lexapro 20 mg daily, Ativan 1 mg daily Discharge Medications: 1. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO q6h () for 4 2. Insulin Regular Human 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) 3. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 4. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 5. Hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 6. Heparin (Porcine) 5,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) 7. Escitalopram 10 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 8. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO tid () for 2 days: start after 2mg Q6 hour dose complete. 9. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) for 2 days: start after 2mg TID dose complete . 10. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One continue until steroids completed. 11. Phenytoin Sodium Extended 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) 12. Lorazepam 0.5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8H (every 8 13. Outpatient Lab Work medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with laboratory office, but please have the results faxed to . Extended Care Facility: Left Brain Mass Neurologically Stable GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS ?????? You or a family member should inspect your wound every day and ?????? Keep your incision clean and dry. sutures are removed. incision. appointment. physician. DIET normal well balanced diet is recommended for recovery, and you before your surgery. Be sure however, to remain well hydrated, cause constipation. MEDICATIONS: take pain medication unless it is needed. It is important that to walk. ?????? Medications that may be prescribed include: -An over the counter stool softener for constipation (Colace or Dulcolax, Milk of Magnesia, first, and then Magnesium Citrate or anesthesia can cause constipation. medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with laboratory office, but please have the results faxed to . anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and ?????? If you are being sent home on steroid medication, make sure Protonix, or Pepcid), as these medications can cause stomach meals, or a glass of milk. ACTIVITY: or fatigued. This is normal. You should become a little stronger to prevent complications and to begin to feel like yourself ?????? Follow the activity instructions given to you by your doctor ?????? Increase your activity slowly; do not do too much because you ?????? You may resume sexual activity as your tolerance allows. activity, rest, decrease the amount of activity that you do, and ?????? DO NOT DRIVE until you speak with your physician. physician. push, for example weight lifting, lifting or moving heavy ?????? Do your breathing exercises every two hours. are awake. WHEN TO CALL YOUR SURGEON: surgery is over, there is the possibility of some of these infection, blood clots, or neurological changes. Call your loss, or difficulty speaking. total. ?????? Numbness, tingling, or weakness in your extremities or face. ?????? Severe sensitivity to light. (Photophobia) ?????? Seizure ?????? Productive cough with yellow or green sputum. ?????? Sudden difficulty in breathing. which you wake up confused. Calls please present immediately to your local emergency room, where a the complexity of neurosurgical procedures and treatment of situations cannot be given over the telephone. you feel needs addressing before normal office hours or on the physician there will evaluate you and contact us if needed. FOLLOW UP APPOINTMENT INSTRUCTIONS -You have an appointment on AT 10:30 am for directions. at 4:00. The Brain Clinic is located on the is . Please call if you need to change your insurance referral from your primary care physician prior to Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: none Mrs. is 54 y/o female with PMH significant for hypertension, congestive heart failure, and pulmonary in sustained arterial bleeding and significant blood loss. She transferred to rehab where she significantly improved, and was remains poor, and on she was walking up steps when she portion of her head. She was unconscious for 4-5 minutes per husband, and she was taken to an OSH. Head CT at OSH revaeled temporal convexity contusions and left sylvian fissure noted. She was transferred to for neurosurgery Past Medical History: PMH: Diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, sleep apnea, and catheterization with nonobstructive coronary hysterectomy hernia repair Social History: noncontributory PHYSICAL EXAM upon admission: Gen: WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT: Pupils: bilaterally EOMs intact Neck: Supple. Lungs: CTA bilaterally. Cardiac: RRR. S1/S2. Abd: Soft, NT, BS+ Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Recall: objects at 5 minutes. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension and repetition. I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light bilaterally. III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Sensation: Intact to light touch, propioception, pinprick and bilaterally Coordination: normal on finger-nose-finger, rapid alternating Pertinent Results: CT OF THE HEAD WITHOUT CONTRAST 12:01 AM: sulci of the left frontal, parietal, and temporal lobes is of parenchymal hyperdensity in the anterior left frontal lobe, a smaller left anterior temporal hemorrhagic contusion is also the left temporal convexity, measuring up to 3 mm in thickness, fissure. There is no shift of normally midline structures, infarction. There is a gas-containing laceration and a subgaleal hematoma at parietal vertex, and a smaller left parietal subgaleal hematoma. fractures are identified. There is fluid and mucosal thickening in the left maxillary bilaterally. There is fluid in some of right mastoid tip air and the left middle ear cavity. IMPRESSION: Hemorrhagic in the left 2. Bilateral subgaleal hematomas. air cells. cavity. NONCONTRAST HEAD CT 7:10 AM: left-sided subarachnoid hemorrhage and in the small left The left anterior frontal and temporal hemorrhagic contusions anterior right temporal lobe. There is no intraventricular paranasal unchanged. IMPRESSION: Unchanged subarachnoid hemorrhage. Unchanged small subdural hematoma. Unchanged left anterior frontal and temporal hemorrhagic contusion is now also evident. Brief Hospital Course: a left SDH and left frontal/temporal contusions which was Sylvian fissure and engulfs the carotid, a CTA was obtained. progression in terms of the SDH or SAH. Neurologically the After 24 hours of observation in the NICU, the patient was discharged home with home PT and nursing care. Her dilantin was with Keppra. The patient's foley was removed in the am on discharge. At the time of discharge, the patient was oriented x 3 with full injury. The patient was ambulating and taking in food without apnea which she continued while in the hospital. Medications on Admission: valium seroquel pepcid aspirin 81 qd 1. Famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 2. Sertraline 50 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. Amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 4. Fexofenadine 60 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO BID (2 times a 5. Metoprolol Tartrate 50 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID 6. Quetiapine 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 7. Enalapril Maleate 10 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 8. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q6H (every 9. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) for 3 doses: After 500mg dose is complete. Take two Disp:*100 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 10. Propoxyphene N-Acetaminophen 100-650 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed: No driving while on Disp:*40 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 11. Colace 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO twice a day. Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* Home With Service Facility: SAH, left subdural hematoma, left frontal/temporal contusions neurologically stable ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking while taking narcotic pain medication. anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and ?????? If you have been prescribed an anti-seizure medicine, take it ordered. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion, lethargy or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not Followup Instructions: Please call to make an appointment. Completed by:
