Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: rigid bronchoscopy with cautery () History of Present Illness: obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and depression who presented was in his usual state of health until yesterday morning when he blood and one large, solid clot of blood. This persisted for was in the ambulance in transit to Hospital. At the lavage was positive. His hemoptysis then recurred (approx emergent bronchoscopy. He was intubated in the ED in hematocrit was noted to be 34.8 and a CXR showed clear lungs. ROS: Denies fevers, chills, change in weight/appetite, dysuria, changes. - depression: reports recent worsening with intermittent passive AH/VH in the past but does report some paranoid delusions - obstructive sleep apnea: on CPAP at home - morbid obesity: has worsened over past year - psoriasis Has not left his house in >1 year due to depression and now up until 3 yrs ago. Was a binge drinker in his 20s, but no Denies IVDU. Father with 2 in his 50s but still living in his 70s T 100.4 BP 107/75 HR 94 RR 20 Sat 99% on ra Weight: 550 lbs Height: 6'2" Gen: morbidly obese, no acute distress, breathing comfortably HEENT: no icterus, OP clear, MMM Neck: no carotid bruits, no cervical/clavicular lymphadenopathy, Chest: diffuse faint expiratory ronchi, no wheezes/rales CV: regular rate/rhythm, distant HS, no murmurs heard Abd: morbidly obese, nontender, nondistended, normal BS, unable Extr: massive firm ruggated hyperpigmented edema in both legs, Skin: numerous scattered patches of scaling plaques on arms, Neuro: A&O x3, CN 2-12 intact 04:45PM WBC-11.7* RBC-3.94* HGB-12.6* HCT-34.8* 04:45PM NEUTS-90.5* LYMPHS-6.9* MONOS-2.0 EOS-0.5 04:45PM cTropnT-<0.01 04:45PM GLUCOSE-157* UREA N-18 CREAT-0.8 SODIUM-140 He underwent an emergent rigid bronchoscopy upon admission to to have a LLL medial wall arterial "" gushing fresh blood, clot/tissue/tumor in the LLL which was removed and sent for remained hemodynamically stable and was extubated without point where he remained hemodynamically stable with no evidence not undergo any further imaging (CT, MRI, etc) to evaluate for from his bronchoscopy returned as clot only, and cytology on the follow up with interventional pulmonology for a repeat home regimen. His sister brought in his BiPAP machine fromhome accidentally fell and broke while in-house. He was set up to discharge. Due to this bleeding and lack of documented CAD, his aspirin was unless directed otherwise by his PCP. For his depression, he was started on Effexor 225mg daily (he refilled his prescriptions). A social work consult saw the Commission and gave him the phone number for obesity. He was set up with PCP follow up for the day after discharge aspirin 81mg daily Discharge Medications: 1. Venlafaxine 75 mg Capsule, Sust. Release 24HR Sig: Three (3) Disp:*90 Capsule, Sust. Release 24HR(s)* Refills:*3* 2. Calcipotriene 0.005 % Ointment Sig: One (1) Appl Topical Disp:*1 tube* Refills:*3* 3. Triamcinolone Acetonide 0.025 % Ointment Sig: One (1) appl Topical twice a day: apply thin layer to affected areas twice Disp:*1 tube* Refills:*3* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Primary diagnosis: massive hemoptysis Secondary diagnosis: obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: amounts of blood. You emergently underwent a bronchoscopy which This blood vessel was cauterized and the bleeding stopped. You airway during this event. You were taken off the breathing tube floor. We do not yet have an explanation for why you had this pulmonologists (as scheduled below) for a repeat bronchoscopy. Please attend all follow-up appointments as scheduled. Please loss of consciousness, coughing up of blood, or any other Primary care physician . ( Hospital): Friday at 11:15 am; Pulmonology for repeat bronchoscopy (Dr. : ; arrive at 7:30 am to 8 Day Care Unit; you cannot have any evening before the procedure. You should not take aspirin for Provider: ,NINE DAY CARE 8 Date/Time: 7:30 Provider: ,IP PROC IP PROCEDURES Date/Time: 8:30
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: EGD x3 Cortis CVL placement History of Present Illness: ileosigmoid anastomosis in , prostate cancer managed with sudden onset of hematochezia. This is the third episode of hematochezia in the last two weeks. lower GI bleed from the site of the biopsy which responded to developed second episode of hematochezia of the same intensity the packs were removed and this time he was bleeding. He had a the prostate biopsy that was clipped and the bleeding stopped. at ~9:00 PM, he strained for bowel movement and noticed request the ED physician did not put a packing but instead tried stop the bleed and he was transferred to for further . in the ED his BP fell suddenly to SBP in 60s. He received a platelets. A cordis was placed in right IJ. The patient has been with his cardiologist. He denies any abdominal pain. He was On transfer to IR his vital signs were HR 91, BP 103/72, RR 17, . bleeding when packing was removed. Bleeding appeared to be due were placed with good result and no residual bleeding identified 26.9, 31.8. (In total he received 7 units PRBC, 2 units FFP, 1 transferred to the ICU. Colon cancer s/p subtotal colectomy with ileo sigmoid - Coronary artery disease s/p DES - Hypertension - Obesity Social History: TOBACCO: denies ETOH: beer 3-4 times per week ILLICITS: denies, no IVDA Family History: died at 87 having had a prior CABG in her 80s. VS: T 96.3, HR 92, BP 102/75, RR 13, O2Sat 100% 2L NC GEN: Sedated, laying flat HEENT: PERRL, EOMI, no pallor, scleral edema NECK: Supple PULM: CTAB anteriorly CARD: RRR, S1S2 normal, no m/r/g ABD: S, NT, ND, NABS, verticle scar along left abdomen RECTAL: Active bright red bleeding with clots pooling between EXT: No edema, pulses 2+ IMAGING: FINDINGS: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the lower body of the stomach. The patient has taken a somewhat left base, though this is less prominent than on the previous . IMPRESSION: is located ileum, but bowel small-bowel 2. Small amount of free fluid surrounding the liver along with suggestive of fluid overload. and are too small to characterize. The previously seen atypical 4. Small bilateral pleural effusions with associated compressive Brief Hospital Course: anastomosis, prostate cancer, CAD s/p DES 1.5 years ago, who now s/p 13 units PRBCs, 6 FFP, 3 units platelets and 2 units MICU to the floor with stable Hcts and hemodynamics. #. GIB: Upon arrival to the ICU on , patient passed large on floor. Surgery was consulted and took the patient to the OR. bleeding at the AV fistula; and packed the rectum. Patient oropharynx, probably NGT/intubation trauma and stomach full of Repeat EGD on showed patient still had coffee grounds, and started and patient was safely extubated. On , 3rd EGD was concluded ulcer was likely seondary to ET tube trauma. He PRBCs, Hct increased from 26 to 31. In total, he has received 13 this admission. Thus, 2 sources currently suspected: Upper GI hemorrhoidal AVM causing BRBPR s/p prostate biopsy on . His . #. Fevers: Patient spiked a fever to 101.2 around the time of abdomen/pelvis showed no source for fevers. Antibiotics were sourceLikely occured in the setting of induction for intubation NGTD, C diff negative. He remained afebrile remainder of . #. CAD/hyperlipidemia: ASA, plavix initially held. Aspirin 162 discharge. Continued statin/ezetemibe #. Hypertension: Metoprolol initially held, then restarted once Medications on Admission: 1) Acetaminophen 650 mg PO Q6H:PRN pain 3) Ezetimibe 10 mg PO DAILY 5) Aspirin 81 mg PO DAILY 1. aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: Two (2) Tablet, Chewable 2. ezetimibe 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. rosuvastatin 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 4. metoprolol tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 5. pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One Disp:*60 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 6. triamcinolone acetonide 0.05 % Ointment Sig: thin layer Topical twice a day for 7 days: apply thin layer to affected Disp:*qs * Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Contact Dermatitis Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. You were seen in the hospital because of an upper and lower GI had an artery that was bleeding near your rectum, and this was proton pump inhibitor called pantoprazole to help heal the bleed discharge, you blood counts were all stable and there were no likely just an irritation from the sheets at the hospital. We rash until it resolves. If your rash does not resolve within the evaluated. Because of this episode of bleeding, you should STOP taking the STOPPED PLAVIX STARTED Triamcinalone cream for your rash which you should use Please make an appointment to see your primary care doctor, Dr. their office at ( to make an appointment within the
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: from OSH. Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Mr. is a 79 year-old male with a past medical history years ago, transferred from Hospital with a concern history of left upper abdominal pain, initially low-grade, then non-radiating. He denies any associated N/V, no SOB, no LH and dizziness symptoms). No back pain. At the OSH, a CTPA was aneurysm. His SBP was in the 160s on presentation, and he was drip started at 0.1 mcg/kg/min, titrated up for goal SBP<120. He transferred to the ED for further management. In the ED, initial vitals were T 98, HR 62, BP 116/74 on surgery, who recommended medical management. He was admitted to History of ruptured AAA, status post AAA repair 6 years ago Spinal stenosis, status post laminectomy C4-C5 History of CVA Social History: smoking history. Family History: Physical examination on admission to CCU. VITALS: T 98, HR 56, regular, BP 94/45, RR 16, Sat 99% on 2L via GEN: Pleasant, difficulty hearing. In NAD. HEENT: Anicteric. MMM. NECK: JVP flat. No carotid bruit. RESP: Fair air entry bilaterally. Diffuse expiratory wheezes, no CVS: RRR. Normal S1, S2. No S3, S4. No murmur or rub. GI: Midline abdominal scar. BS normoactive. Abdomen soft and EXT: No femoral bruit. No pedal edema. Strong peipheral pulses. NEURO: Alert and oriented. Pertinent Results: CBC: COUNT-223 GLUCOSE-111* UREA N-24* CREAT-0.9 SODIUM-141 POTASSIUM-4.1 PT-12.7 PTT-27.8 INR(PT)-1.0 Cardiac enzymes: CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<0.01 EKG: NSR, rate 64. Normal EKG. Relevant data in hospital: CT CHEST W/IV CONTRAST: Diffuse emphysematous changes mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. CT ABDOMEN W/IV CONTRAST: The liver, adrenals, spleen, pancreas, left kidney. No adenopathy. CT PELVIS WITH IV CONTRAST: A Foley catheter is in place within colon appears unremarkable. CT ARTERIOGRAM WITH IV CONTRAST, RECONSTRUCTIONS: The ascending maximal axial dimension. Thoracic aorta measures 3.3 cm at the is markedly tortuous. Within the distal descending thoracic approximately 7 mm. There is thickening of the posterolateral thickened to approximately 1 cm. Unfortunately, since a contrast administration, acute hematoma vs. chronic thrombus density of the aortic wall, thrombus is probably more likely. No celiac artery and superior mesenteric artery are widely patent. however, demonstrates contrast material shortly after its the anterior abdominal aorta at the level of the origin. A aorta on the right. Synthetic graft material is seen within the arteries. Shortly beyond the prosthetic graft limbs within the common iliac arteries. The right common iliac artery measures up artery measures 2.8 cm. The internal and external iliac arteries these vessels is limited due to relatively poor opacification of wall thickening is seen within the distal abdominal aorta, replaced left and right hepatic arteries. BONE WINDOWS: No suspicious bony lesions. Degenerative changes 1) Penetrating ulcers within the distal descending thoracic may represent chronic thrombus, however, acute hematoma is less iliac artery aneurysms as described. Brief Hospital Course: repair 6 years prior to admission, who presented to an OSH with possible thoracic aortic dissection. His hospital course will be 1) R/O aortic dissection: The OSH CT was reviewed on admission descending thoracic aortic dissection versus hematoma. CT heart rate and blood pressure control. Mr. was admitted blood pressure control, with goal SBP<120. A repeat CTA was the distal descending thoracic aorta, with slight wall hematoma, but without evidence of dissection. He remained pain Metoprolol and Captopril, both titrated up to meet goal blood hematocrit. Norvasc 5 mg PO QD was added on the day of discharge profile revealed LDL 84. He was started on Lipitor 40 mg PO QD, counseling was also initiated, and will need to be readdressed and Norvasc 5 mg PO QD. He will need close BP monitoring as an interval change in weeks. 2) COPD: Mr. was noted to have significant wheezing on and started on Advair diskus, with significant improvement in was significant for diffuse emphysematous changes. Emphasis was Atrovent QID and Albuterol prn. Medications on Admission: Carbidopa/Levodopa 60 mg PO BID Ambien Discharge Medications: One (1) Disk with Device Inhalation (2 times a day). Disp:*60 Disk with Device(s)* Refills:*2* 2. Ipratropium Bromide 18 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two (2) Disp:*1 inhaler* Refills:*2* 3. Nexium 40 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) 4. Carbidopa-Levodopa 25-100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO 5. Albuterol Sulfate 90 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: of breath or wheezing. Disp:*1 inhaler* Refills:*0* 6. Atorvastatin Calcium 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* One (1) Tablet Sustained Release 24HR PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet Sustained Release 24HR(s)* Refills:*2* 8. Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Amlodipine Besylate 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Discharge Disposition: Penetrating aortic ulcer Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Patient discharged home in stable condition. Discharge Instructions: at 15:30. It is important that you go to this They will contact you at home to schedule an appointment. We have started new medications in the hospital. Please take all inhalers, which you should take daily even if no wheezing, a low sodium diet to help with blood pressure control. Followup Instructions: at 15:30. It is important that you go to this They will contact you at home to schedule an appointment.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: None History of Present Illness: chemoradiation, most recent cisplatin dose on , presents oxycodone-acetaminophen for the first time the night before , confused and somnolent. No other complaint. Patient was . records: Date Na 126 130 . exam was nonfocal. Head CT showed no acute abnormality. CXR and 0.8, WBC 2.3 with 66% neutrophils, Hct 22.0, plt 194. He to baseline after some hydration in the ED. Admitted for further . president, but not location. He was unable to name months . Review of Systems: not obtainable due to patient's mental status Past Medical History: # Stage T4aN2cM0 squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue: chemotherapy with cisplatin on . OTHER MEDICAL HISTORY: DM2 BPH Social History: work in the gun business then in a sporting goods store. Has 5 Mother had a problem. Father had alcoholism. Son had a uncle had leukemia, and another maternal uncle had lung cancer. Physical Exam: VS: T 99.8, BP 160/70, HR 102, RR 16, 95%RA GEN: Elderly man sleeping in bed but easily arousable, in NAD HEENT: EOMI, sclera anicteric, conjunctivae clear NECK: Supple CV: Regular, slightly tachycardic, normal S1, S2. No m/r/g. CHEST: Resp unlabored, no accessory muscle use. CTAB, no ABD: Soft, NT, ND, no HSM, bowel sounds present MSK: normal muscle tone and bulk EXT: No c/c/e, 2+ DP/PT bilaterally SKIN: No rash, warm skin NEURO: oriented to name, date, US president but not location, throughout, intact sensation to light touch Pertinent Results: 01:12PM GLUCOSE-202* UREA N-22* CREAT-0.8 SODIUM-117* 01:12PM WBC-2.3* RBC-2.36* HGB-8.1* HCT-22.0*# MCV-93 01:12PM NEUTS-66 BANDS-2 LYMPHS-11* MONOS-18* EOS-3 01:12PM PLT SMR-NORMAL PLT COUNT-194 01:12PM PT-12.9 PTT-24.2 INR(PT)-1.1 06:28PM BLOOD Type-ART pO2-86 pCO2-71* pH-7.31* Head CT : hemorrhage. ventricles, most likely age-related involutionary changes. 1. Left lower lobe opacity could be atelectasis; however, cannot superinfection. 3. Cardiac silhouette top normal. CTA chest : (prelim) 2. Moderate-to-large bilateral pleural effusions, with subtotal 3. No PNA. CXR : (prelim) Pulmonary edema, cardiomegaly. Bibasal atelectasis. Findings 83-year-old man with squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue, 1. Hypoxic respiratory failure: Patient had been in sinus pRBC. Given this and his 2L O2 requirement, he went for CTA with atelectasis. He was agitated since the CTA, and around 6pm, to 93% on NRB. He was given 20mg lasix IV with brisk urine (BP ~180/90) and transferred to the ICU. Stat CXR showed diffuse started on a nitroglycerin drip. His BP improved and overshot with cessation of drip. His O2 sats remained in the 90s on mental status and possibly new anisocoria. While being and apnea requiring bag ventilation. On evaluation, there were confirmed DNR status, he was not resuscitated and expired. 2. Altered mental status: Cause not entirely clear, but possible was also treated with levofloxacin for a possible pneumonia, temps (99.7) and cough. When the patient became agitated as IV haloperidol prn (total 1.5mg given) with good effect. CT head repeated given anisocoria, but aborted given above events. 3. Hyponatremia: Treated with IV fluids with improvement from 4. Tongue cancer: On cisplatin and radiation, with radiation 5. Anemia: Hct 22 on admission. Transfused 2 units PRBCs with terazosin 5 mg morphine 10 mg oral solution q3h prn pain prochlorperazine prn metformin 500 mg aspirin 325 mg daily Discharge Medications: Expired Discharge Diagnosis: Expired Discharge Instructions: Expired
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: Cardiac Catheterization 56M who presented for admission for a witnessed VF arrest. He Of note, he had been started on anticoagulation due to apical had a witnessed VF arrest and had presented to . notable for spotty thrombus in the LAD stent, but normal flow. Past Medical History: -Coronary artery disease s/p cath : 1. Two vessel coronary filling pressures. 3. Moderate regional left ventricular 4. Stenting of the LAD. -LBBB discovered on admission to hospital in -HTN: apparently intolerant of several Beta-blockers and -GERD with ? duodenal ulcer Lives in , MA. Works as heavy machinery operator and has exercise. Supportive wife, brother and daughter. 40 pack-year Brother: DM VS: 98.9 103/56 on dopamine 74 100% on AC ventilator; TV=700, Gen: Intubated, sedated HEENT: PERRL, with ETT Lungs: rhonchorous BS bilaterally, with diffuse crackles CV: distant HS, nl S1/S2, no m/r/g Abd: protuberant, soft, nt/nd, nabs Extr: no c/c/e, PT dopplerable bilaterally Groin: with right groin sheath in place Neuro: moving all 4 extremities, not responding to commands Pertinent Results: 11:15PM GLUCOSE-135* UREA N-19 CREAT-1.0 SODIUM-139 11:15PM CALCIUM-8.7 PHOSPHATE-2.3* MAGNESIUM-2.0 11:15PM WBC-14.8* RBC-3.73* HGB-12.3* HCT-33.0* 11:15PM PT-15.7* PTT-28.8 INR(PT)-1.6 09:30PM LACTATE-2.7* Cath : 1. Hemodynamics with markedly elevated filling pressures with 2. Left venfriculography: Extensive anterolateral, apical and 3. Angiography: LMCA: 40% proximal. LAD: Stent pateint with flow. LCx: Proximal LCx arises from LM and supplies OM1 with LCx which arises from proximal RCA and has tubular 60% proximal/mid stenosis (unchanged from ) RCA: 60% ulcerated The left atrium is mildly dilated. Left ventricular wall left ventricular systolic dysfunction with akinesis of the wall, and distal lateral wall. No masses or thrombi are seen in motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets (3) are mildly regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve appears structurally pulmonary artery systolic pressure is normal. There is no IMPRESSION: Extensive regional left ventricular systolic Compared with the prior study (tape reviewed) of , the Brief Hospital Course: 1. CAD: He underwent cardiac catheterization on admission filling defects in LAD stents. PTCA of the LAD stents was markedly elevated as well, but his CO/CI were maintained. He Valsartan were titrated up as his blood pressure allowed. He while on this medication), so he was continued on Ticlid instead and severe hypokinesis to prevent potential blood clots. After changes although hard to interpret with LBBB) and these chest pain free for several days. A MIBI may be considered in 2. Pump: Markedly elevated left-sided filling pressures on motion abnormalities. Swan insertion was inserted but temporary pacing wire and transcutaneous defibrillation. euvolemia after initial diuresis on admission. He was initially prior to extubation. Beta blocker and were continued, and he follow up to get labs checked with Dr. . 3. Rhythm: He presented status post a presumed v-fib arrest with block/torsades (complication of attempt at Swan placement), he when stable and extubated. He was continued on amiodarone. He 4. Pulmonary: He was intubated on presentation after his v-fib CHF), and he was treated with Levo/flagyl/vanco (10 day course). sputum sample had gpc in pairs and clusters. He also underwent required a higher PEEP given his large chest diameter and lung ?PNA, maintaining higher PEEPS, and CPAP at night treatment and diuresis, and he was maintained on CPAP outpatient. The pulmonary department will contact him in the 5. ID/fevers: He was persistently febrile following admission He was treated with a 10 day course of antibiotics as above for 6. GI: History of GERD with ?duodenal ulcer. He had initial lines), but after initial transfusions, his hematocrit remained 7. Neuro: He was seen by neurology in-house for ?anoxic brain and post extubation and felt to have no deficits. No brain Medications on Admission: Plavix 75 Valsartan 80 Toprol 50 Keflex-rash sulfa-? Discharge Medications: 1. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 2. Ticlopidine HCl 250 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Atorvastatin Calcium 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 4. Amiodarone HCl 200 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* One (1) Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) PO Q12H (every 12 hours). Disp:*60 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 6. Carvedilol 12.5 mg Tablet Sig: Four (4) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*240 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 7. Beclomethasone Diprop Monohyd 0.042 % Aerosol, Spray Sig: Two Disp:*1 bottle* Refills:*2* 8. Valsartan 80 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Warfarin Sodium 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO HS (at Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 10. Clindamycin HCl 300 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO four Disp:*6 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* Please check Hct, INR, chem 7. Home With Service Facility: VFib arrest stable Discharge Instructions: you will be taking all that we have prescribed for you. You may plavix any longer. Instead you will take ticlopidine. Followup Instructions: schedule a time for you to come in and get fitted for a CPAP next few days, please call them and explain your situation at Provider: CLINIC Where: CARDIAC SERVICES Phone: Date/Time: 11:30 Provider: CLINIC Where: CARDIAC SERVICES Phone: Date/Time: 2:30 Provider: , M.D. Where: CARDIAC SERVICES Phone: Date/Time: 3:00 Please also have your blood drawn on , to have to Dr. and he will adjust your medications as needed. Please follow up with Dr. on Thursday, at 4:30 p.m. Call if you need to change or cancel. Please also ask Dr. to check your thyroid fxn tests every chest xray every year while you are on this medication.
