Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a 77-year-old man with a was a longtime smoker who developed recent hemoptysis 2 to 3 the apical segment of the right upper lobe that was confirmed unremarkable metastatic survey, including a PET scan. He catheterized at the end of . His pulmonary was functionally quite well and was able to walk flights of was giving him obstructive symptoms. It was felt at this functional lung parenchyma. The plan - after multiple mediastinoscopy, and if the nodes were negative to proceed to before, from a cardiology perspective. He did receive except for a right apical haziness that represented the PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION: The patient was noted to was in no apparent distress, and was comfortable, and was a nourished but not obese. He was normocephalic, atraumatic. was clear. His neck was supple without lymphadenopathy or no supraclavicular or axillary lymphadenopathy. His lungs display an occasional expiratory wheeze. He was in a regular abdomen was nondistended with normal active bowel sounds and hernias noted. There was no inguinal lymphadenopathy. He HOSPITAL COURSE: On the morning of , the operating room that morning where he underwent bronchoscopy, upper lobectomy. The operation proceeded without patient was extubated in the operating room and taken to the well controlled with an epidural catheter that was managed by instability. His cardiac enzymes were followed catheterization. These were all unremarkable, and his subsequent sets. On postoperative day #1, the patient was able to be out of the intensive care unit. The patient continued to water seal at midnight on the night on postoperative day #1. time on serial chest x-rays, and these chest tubes were postoperative day #3 and the anterior tube removed on There was a very, very small residual right apical but it was deemed clinically insignificant, and the patient on multiple sessions, it was deemed that he would benefit morning of discharge were 95% on 2 liters without any oxygen saturation on room air at this point - post ambulation doing well and was very comfortable at this time. His pain was deemed fit for discharge. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Right upper lobe mode; status post lobectomy; coronary artery disease; status post pulmonary disease; gout; benign prostatic hyperplasia; hernia repairs in the distant past; tonsillectomy. MAJOR SURGICAL OR INVASIVE PROCEDURES: Bronchoscopy, endotracheal intubation, arterial line placement, peripheral DISCHARGE CONDITION: Good. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Atorvastatin 10 mg p.o. daily, Lasix mg p.o. daily, Advair Diskus, finasteride 5 mg p.o. daily, Percocet 5/325 one to 2 tablets p.o. q.4-6h. as needed for daily, prednisone 5 mg to take 1 dose on and then to prevent constipation. DISPOSITION: The patient to be discharged to home with FOLLOWUP: To follow up with Dr. , and to call the MEDQUIST36 D: 12:59:18 T: 13:48:06 Job#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient had a headache five Hospital on , because the headache had a head CT at Hospital which showed a subarachnoid PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Benign. ALLERGIES: NO KNOWN DRUG ALLERGIES. MEDICATIONS: None. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: General: The patient was awake, followed 3 out of 3-step commands. Cranial nerve: He did Pupils were 3 down to 2 mm bilaterally. Extraocular muscles drift. He had 5 out of 5 strength in both IPs. LABORATORY DATA: Sodium 129, potassium 3.2, chloride 100, 12.3, hematocrit 44.6, platelet count 288; coags 13.8, 1.3. CT scan and CTA of the brain showed right ACA aneurysm and had an arteriogram which showed left A1-A2 ruptured aneurysm. without complication. Postprocedure the patient was arousable, inconsistently extremities. The patient had a head CT which showed the placed on . On , the patient prophylaxis of vent drain coverage. The patient was fully evidence of infiltrates. Neurologically the patient was spontaneously, but impersistent with following commands, unchanged. Pupils were 4 mm bilaterally. Unit and maintained on triple-H therapy to prevent vasospasm. left ptosis and was inconsistently following commands. The cultures. White count was 12.6. Neurologically the patient all extremities, and continued with the left ptosis. He had his blood pressure greater than 160. The patient was fully negative. CSF on the 16th was negative. Blood, urine, and dropped to 129. The patient was started on 3% saline drip. The patient had a repeat chest x-ray on , temperature to 101.4?????? and again was fully cultured, and again patient was awake and alert, oriented times two. His Pupils were left at 7-5; the right . EOMs were full. He intact to frequently seen items. The patient's ventricular drain was discontinued on . On the patient was somnolent. His head CT Opening pressure was 25.4. Closing pressure was 10.2, and 20 cells in tube #4. He continued to be xanthochromic. The pressure of 31 and closing pressure of 5. The patient had 18 on 3% saline. Sodium continued to be low at 133. The The patient was tapped again on , with an Vancomycin and Ceftriaxone for a question of CSF infection 350 in tube #4. Gram-stain was negative, and all CSF and mental status with periods of somnolence and then by physical therapy and Occupational Therapy, and he was felt On , the patient had a an episode of signs of pulmonary embolism. The patient had a CTA which the presence of right lower lobe artery clot. The patient Unit for close monitoring. The patient remained in the the regular floor. The patient remained on intravenous heparin until IVC filter falls, and long-term Coumadin treatment was not an option. patient had an IVC filter placed on . On pain. Electrocardiogram was unchanged. CPKs were cycled days and was felt to require a permanent VP shunt placement. complication. Postoperatively the patient was more awake, to himself and was otherwise still confused. He was moving dressing was clean, dry and intact from his shunt. He should . He will follow-up with Dr. with him in one month. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Protonix 40 mg p.o. q.d., Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d., hold for systolic pressure less than 110, p.r.n. for pain. MEDQUIST36 D: 13:10 T: 13:05 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 43-year-old lysis of adhesions and an ileoanal pouch for his inflammatory and failure to thrive and presented for exploratory PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Gout. Small bowel obstruction. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: Ileoanal pouch in . laparotomy in . Right inguinal hernia repair. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Reglan, Protonix, Clotrimazole. ALLERGIES: MORPHINE. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: General: The patient is a middle-aged man in no acute distress. Heart: Regular. Lungs: Clear. Abdomen: On discharge his abdomen was soft with a stoma on the left lower quadrant. He had two JP drains in Warm. He had significantly improved inflammation on his without difficulty. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient presented to the hospital on had an exploratory laparotomy and was found to have a drained. His enterotomies were oversewn, and he was given an quadrant. He was admitted to the floor for his postoperative events: 1. Gout: On postoperative day #2, the patient started inflamed right knee and right toe which was all consistent episode of gout. With the help of the Rheumatology Service, the patient was finally by Prednisone. On discharge, his symptoms difficulty, and he is being discharged on low-dose steroid 2. High ileostomy output: The patient had an excellent expected from his end ileostomy, he has had an average of 3 L then Kaopectate to decrease his stoma output. With the help to semi-formed stool and has decreased to approximately orally and has been off intravenous fluids for the past two oral hydration therapy. He is also being discharged on improve his stoma output. 3. Perianal rash: The patient developed a perianal rash hospital course. This has been treated initially with switched to Hydrocortisone creme, the rash significantly applications until the rash resolves. 4. Right lower quadrant abscess: The abscess drained Oxacillin resistant staph, enterococcus and yeast. and Flagyl. Once he remained afebrile on antibiotics, these for five days and has been without fevers. Drains are fluid per day from the right lower quadrant. The patient is being discharged after his exploratory diet, ambulating well, after having received stoma care home. He had two JP drains in his right lower quadrant and discontinued prior to discharge. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Prednisone 10 mg for two days and p.r.n., Hydrocortisone 2.5% ointment to the buttock area Zolpidem 5-10 mg p.o. q.h.s. p.r.n., Kaopectate 30 cc p.o. 6 hours. DISCHARGE DISPOSITION: To home with VNA. FOLLOW-UP: With Dr. . The patient will call the 1. Exploratory laparotomy, lysis of adhesions, drainage of ileostomy. DR., 02-205 Dictated By: D: 14:02 T: 14:07 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 74-year-old Intensive Care Unit status post a meningeal resection on day #1 with change in mental status and developed right fibrillation. He was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit for the time of the seizure and mental status changes was of ischemia. On , the patient opened his eyes to verbal stimuli. equal, round and reactive to light. Exam was limited by the right side. MRI with contrast was done to evaluate for stroke. MRI done restricted diffusion in the left parietal region just area was suspicious for acute infarct in the left parietal frontal region with blood products and some marginal midline shift, mass affect, or hydrocephalus. There was also temporal region which indicated an old area of hemorrhage atrial fibrillation. He did convert to sinus rhythm and had posterior parasagittal area, focal slowing and slow infiltrate on the right side. The patient had a temperature was opening his eyes spontaneously, localizing the left upper extremity. He was not following commands. He withdrew his They recommended to continue supportive care and Physical . He was awake and attentive with continued right hemiparesis. He lifted his left upper extremity to command. .............. MRI scan on , showed consistent without change and a right-sided subdural collection which is mass affect. On , the patient was found in respiratory made to intubate the patient on the floor, but he was had a white count of 39.3, hematocrit 30.4, platelet count was thought to have aspirated causing respiratory distress. He remained in the Intensive Care Unit with q.1 hour symmetric and reactive. He was moving his left side his left leg purposely with right-sided hemiparesis as vent and was transferred to the regular floor. The patient suctioning, and the patient was then transferred back to the neurologically unchanged. On the patient was awake and attentive. He would fall would withdraw both feet to pain. He was localizing in the status was much improved. He was on 2 L nasal cannula. He on Coumadin. He had a PEG placed while he was in the transferred back to the regular floor on . He left side spontaneously and purposefully, but the right side his previous scans which showed the resolving blood in the had lytic lesions in the calvarium and apex skull consistent UPEP and SPEP were sent on the patient which is pending. The patient's condition remains the same neurologically. His labs as of , is with a sodium of 134, potassium 170. He is tolerating tube feedings with Promote with fiber will follow-up with Dr. in one month. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Zantac 150 mg p.o. b.i.d., Dilantin mg q.24 hours, Insulin sliding scale, Verapamil 80 mg p.o. 650 p.o. q.4 hours p.r.n., Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. MEDQUIST36 D: 14:46 T: 14:49 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: Surgery, Purple Team HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 54-year-old pounds, and a height of 5 feet 10 inches, and a body mass the past without significant long-term success, and he has diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, sleep apnea, and osteoarthritis, and a history of depression. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: Past surgical history is significant MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: (Current medications include) 2. Hydrochlorothiazide 50 mg p.o. once per day. 4. Glyburide 5 mg p.o. three times per day. 6. Vioxx 25 mg p.o. once per day as needed. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was taken by Dr. to the gastric bypass and cholecystectomy. Postoperatively, the surgery went well. On postoperative day developed acute abdominal pain. The - drain that material, and the patient was transferred to the Intensive taken back to the operating room and underwent an exploratory have a diffuse bile peritonitis with the gastric remnants the leak was oversewn and repaired, and the abdomen was remnant. It was felt that the patient probably had an common limb and led to the over distention of the gastric Care Unit, and the patient was extubated on postoperative day including Flagyl for his peritonitis, and the patient began study which was normal and did not show any leak at the to gradually come down, and the patient was placed on a stage subsequently discontinued, and the left - drain out of bed ambulating. On the patient was deemed ready for discharge stable vital signs. His chest was clear. The heart was and nondistended. The incision was clean, dry, and intact. right - drain remained in because of high output. drain at home. The patient had a gastrojejunostomy tube walking around ambulating and tolerating a stage III diet DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient was discharged to home. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS/FOLLOWUP: in one week. antihypertensive medication and not to take his oral 3. The patient was instructed to do fingersticks at home and with his primary care physician in one week for adjustment of 4. The patient was to follow up with the Gastric 5. The patient was also instructed to crush all pills. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: 2. Roxicet 5 mg to 10 mg p.o. q.4-6h. as needed. 4. Flagyl 500 mg p.o. three times per day (for seven days). MEDQUIST36 D: 07:41 T: 07:48 JOB#:
