Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Left temporal craniotomy for mass resection 55-year-old male who initially presented s/p seizures with a lobe on MRI of his brain. Also recent finding of a chest lesion purposes, surgery was recommended and risks and benefits were Past Medical History: Notable for 1.5 PPD TOB for the past 30+ years NC Physical Exam: On admission: Nonfocal On discharge: strength full, sensation intact, ambulatory ecchymosis secondary to surgery Pertinent Results: 1. Subtle foci of high attenuation layering along the sulci of lobes, bilaterally; a small amount of post-operative extra-axial hemorrhage. 2. Expected post-operative changes with resection cavity within temporal region and pneumocephalus. MRI BRAIN resection of a previously known rim-enhancing mass lesion in the identified consistent with pneumocephalus, residual blood towards the right with approximately 2 mm of deviation. No new noted in the mastoid air cells bilaterally. Patient presented electively on for resection of left procedure well and was extubated int he operating room. He was post-op head CT showed minimal blood in the resection cavity. exam was nonfocal with the exception of mild affect change. He remained stable voernight. On the morning of his exam was without difficulty, was tolerating a diet and was deemed fit for follow-up in the brain tumor clinic. Medications on Admission: 1. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 3. Famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 4. Oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) Disp:*45 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: See Taper Order below Tablet PO four times a day: Please take 4mg(2 tablets) 4 times a day on then take 2mg(1 tablet) 2 times a day until your appointment on Disp:*45 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. not require blood work monitoring. are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while ?????? You had a seizure and cannot drive for 6 months FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at , in the Building, . Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : R MCA aneurysm open clipping, cerebral Angiogram Mr. is a 55-year-old male with a history of headaches hemorrhage. He underwent routine screening MRA and was found to angiogram bu tthe aneursym was not able to be successfully HTN, arthritis, cocaine use, appendectomy Social History: three members who died from subarachnoid hemorrhage. Physical Exam: On Discharge: intact Pertinent Results: Angiogram : IMPRESSION: bifurcation aneurysm with no residual filling. Minimal spasm CT head : IMPRESSION: Status post right MCA aneurysm Expected post-surgical changes of mild frontoparietal sulcal Brief Hospital Course: presents for open clipping. He was taken to the OR on . transferred from OR to the angio suite for angiogram to evaluate and extubated. On he was neurologically intact with some no hemorrhage. His Foley was removed and his diet was advanced. and he was cleared for transfer to the floor. PT was consulted and suitable for discharge to home. Medications on Admission: HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE - 12.5 mg Capsule - 1 Capsule(s) by mouth LISINOPRIL - 40 mg Tablet - 1 Tablet(s) by mouth once a day SELENIUM SULFIDE - 2.25 % Shampoo - lather, apply to skin, off 10 minutes later q d x 1 week, then biweekly - No SILDENAFIL - 50 mg Tablet - 1 Tablet(s) by mouth 1 hour prior to intercourse Tablet(s) by mouth once a day area Discharge Medications: 1. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. pravastatin 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 4. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day): take while on pain medication. Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 5. amlodipine 2.5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 6. hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO 7. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4H (every 4 Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. Plavix (clopidogrel), or Aspirin, prior to your injury, you may ?????? If you have been prescribed Dilantin (Phenytoin) for laboratory blood drawing in one week. This can be drawn at your If you have been discharged on Keppra (Levetiracetam), you will ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while ?????? Take Aspirin 325mg (enteric coated) once daily. unless otherwise directed post procedure pain or discomfort. What activities you can and cannot do: ?????? You may shower (let the soapy water run over groin incision, ?????? Your incision may be left uncovered, unless you have small band aid over the area that is draining, as needed 1 week (to allow groin puncture to heal). ?????? After 1 week, gradually increase your activities and distance ?????? No driving until you are no longer taking pain medications What to report to office: half vision) ?????? Severe headache or worsening headache not controlled by pain ?????? A sudden change in the ability to move or use your arm or leg ?????? Trouble swallowing, breathing, or talking ?????? Temperature greater than 101.5F for 24 hours green drainage from incisions ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Followup Instructions: surgery) for removal of your staples/sutures and/or a wound Please make this appointment by calling . If you for the same, with your PCP. , to be seen in 4 weeks. Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Craniotomy for tumor resection and biopsy This is a 79 year old male who presents to clinic today for known L sided parietal lesion suspicious for metastatic melanoma clinic is R hand dominant. He has no other changes in his symptoms, per his daughter, he has persistent confusion. No other changes Past Medical History: 2. Benign prostatic hypertrophy. Social History: (, home, , cell). Recently came back Family History: death. Mother had angina, died at age 84. Father ? h/o Gen: WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT: Pupils: PERRL EOMs full without nystagmus Neck: Supple. Lungs: CTA bilaterally. Cardiac: RRR. S1/S2. Abd: Soft, NT, BS+ Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension and repetition. I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, 3mm to III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue with R deviation, no fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Sensation: Intact to light touch, propioception, pinprick and Coordination: normal on finger-nose-finger, rapid alternating On Discharge: neuro intact with occasinal minor confusion, Previous MRI Right frontal lesion CT HEAD Post op expected 2. Persistent vasogenic edema at the left frontal lobe. on recent MRI. Post Op MRI post-operative changes. No new lesions are detected. The right enhancing mass appears unchanged. Pt was admitted to neurosurgery service and underwent a right this procedure very well with no complications. Post operatively neuro checks and strict blood pressure control. On post op exam strength, he has no change from his baseline. A post op head ct transferred to the floor on , his diet was advanced, his morning of as he was ambulatory in the hallways without discharged on the afternoon of Medications on Admission: once DEXAMETHASONE - 0.5 mg Tablet - 2 Tablet(s) by mouth once a day uncertain Rx) - 25 mg Suppository - 1 suppository(s) rectally inserted ISOSORBIDE MONONITRATE - (Dose adjustment - no new Rx) - 60 mg LEVETIRACETAM - 500 mg Tablet - 1 Tablet(s) by mouth twice a day no mouth daily Tablet(s) by mouth twice a day Capsule, Sust. Release 24 hr - 1 Capsule(s) by mouth twice a day Discharge Medications: 1. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 3. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 4. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 5. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: per taper Tablet PO per taper: FOLLOW-UP. Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with PCP??????s office, but please have the results faxed to . not require blood work monitoring. you are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at , in the Building. Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions. contrast. This is scheduled for 915am on pn the . Please cal to confirm your appointment Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Right Sided craniotomy for tumor resection Patient is a 58 y/o F seen today in consultation for R fall. She states that she was amnestic to events which occurred temporal lesion and she was referred to neurosurgery. She has a particular event was unlike her other falls. She has a history headaches, but denies nausea, vomiting, dizziness, Past Medical History: +tobacco, social ETOH Family History: Physical Exam: distress. CTA warm peripherals HEENT: normocephalic, atraumatic, anicteric sclerae,. Neurological Examination: Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Language: Speech fluent with good comprehension. No dysarthria paraphasic errors. Cranial Nerves: I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, 4 to 3 mm III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements, Grip Tri Delt WE WF IP Right Left Sensation: Intact to light touch. no extrapyramidal signs On Discharge: PERRL 4-3mm bilaterally EOMs: intact tongue midline Motor: throughout Incision: c/d/i with dissovable sutures CT Head: IMPRESSION: Status post frontotemporal Brain MRI:Postoperative appearances in the right temporal extra-axial fluid/blood and FLAIR, T2 high signal in the right acute infarct or hydrocephalus. Patient presented electively on for a right sided complication and the patient tolerated it well. She was admitted CT was stable without hemorrhage. She remained stable overnight. was tapered to off. An MRI was ordered for routine post op discharge planning and subcutaneous heparin was started for DVT ambulating otherwise intact. On , patient was reaccessed by intact and was discharged home. Medications on Admission: acid, spiriva, wellbutrin 1. oxycodone-acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Disp:*40 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 2. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 3. multivitamin Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 4. albuterol sulfate 90 mcg/Actuation HFA Aerosol Inhaler Sig: Wheeze. 5. calcium carbonate 200 mg (500 mg) Tablet, Chewable Sig: One 6. tiotropium bromide 18 mcg Capsule, w/Inhalation Device Sig: 7. bupropion HCl 150 mg Tablet Sustained Release Sig: One (1) 8. nicotine 21 mg/24 hr Patch 24 hr Sig: One (1) Patch 24 hr 9. zolpidem 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO HS (at bedtime). 10. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 11. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: as directed Tablet PO every six (6) hours: Please take 3mg (1.5 tablets)every 6 hrs for 1 (0.5 tablet) every 6 hrs for 1 day, then off. Disp:*16 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with PCP??????s office, but please have the results faxed to . not require blood work monitoring. you are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. ??????Your sutures are dissolvable and do not require removal. ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on @ 11:30AM. The Brain Clinic is located on the is . Please call if you need to change your
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Right Craniotomy for resection of recurrent tumor is a 45-year-old right-handed man with a right deleted. He is here with his sister after a head MRI done in remained unchanged neurologically. Denies any headaches, the "twinge" that lasts seconds. He notices it most when he is not changed. He is s/p: 2. Monthly Temodar for one year ending 4. Dose-dense temozolomide (7 on/7 off) /09 Past Medical History: Past Medical History: noncontributory. Social History: He has 3 boys ages 9, 13, and 17. Works full as a manager at Lumber Liquidators. NC Physical Exam: VITAL SIGNS: Blood pressure 126/62, heart rate of 60, GENERAL: Well appearing, pleasant, no acute distress. HEENT: Anicteric sclerae. Oropharynx clear. Tongue pink. CARDIOVASCULAR: Regular rate and rhythm; no murmurs, rubs, or RESPIRATORY: Even and unlabored respirations. Clear to ABDOMEN: Soft, nontender, nondistended. EXTREMITIES: No edema. NEUROLOGIC: Cranial nerves II through XII intact. Pupils No visual field defects appreciated. Strength is full in upper Finger-to-nose intact bilaterally. Tandem gait intact. Romberg. No pronator drift. Speech is fluent. He is alert, On Discharge: neuro intact, ambulatory in halls without adequate diet Pertinent Results: Interval resection of a large right parietooccipital mass, with post-surgical expected post-op change Brief Hospital Course: for resection of recurrent oligodendroglioma, he tolerated the trasnferred to the ICU post-operatively. He recieved his post-op remained stable overnight. On the morning of 6.23 he recieved floor. He remained stable overnight on the floor and was fit for discharge to home without services. He was given medications and discharged. Medications on Admission: 1. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 2. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 3. Zofran 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO q8hours as needed Disp:*15 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: per taper Tablet PO per taper: every 6 hours on , take 2mg (1 tab) on and Disp:*50 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. General Instructions/Information ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. you are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at , in the Building, . Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions.
