Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: s/p intracranial repair of skull base defect History of Present Illness: with persistent CSF leak. As stated above Social History: Family History: AVSS EOM full, anicteric Chest clear Abdomen soft NTND Neuro: CN 2-12 intact. Motor: throughout upper and lower Sensation intact throughout. Fine motor normal. Brief Hospital Course: any neurological development. On the floor his diet was vancomycin and gentamycin x 3 doses each. He remained afebrile, passed a CSF rhinorrhea challenge without evidence of discharge. Keppra 500 1. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Oxycodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. Levetiracetam 250 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: good, neurologically intact Discharge Instructions: infection ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You may wash your hair only after sutures and/or staples have ?????? You may shower before this time with assistance and use of a ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber as pain medicine ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. as prescribed and follow up with laboratory blood drawing as ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at FOLLOWING: ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities relieved by pain medication ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F PLEASE RETURN TO THE OFFICE IN DAYS FOR REMOVAL OF YOUR TO BE SEEN IN 4 WEEKS. ARE DISCHARGED FROM THE HOSPITAL.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : R MCA aneurysm open clipping, cerebral Angiogram Mr. is a 55-year-old male with a history of headaches hemorrhage. He underwent routine screening MRA and was found to angiogram bu tthe aneursym was not able to be successfully HTN, arthritis, cocaine use, appendectomy Social History: three members who died from subarachnoid hemorrhage. Physical Exam: On Discharge: intact Pertinent Results: Angiogram : IMPRESSION: bifurcation aneurysm with no residual filling. Minimal spasm CT head : IMPRESSION: Status post right MCA aneurysm Expected post-surgical changes of mild frontoparietal sulcal Brief Hospital Course: presents for open clipping. He was taken to the OR on . transferred from OR to the angio suite for angiogram to evaluate and extubated. On he was neurologically intact with some no hemorrhage. His Foley was removed and his diet was advanced. and he was cleared for transfer to the floor. PT was consulted and suitable for discharge to home. Medications on Admission: HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE - 12.5 mg Capsule - 1 Capsule(s) by mouth LISINOPRIL - 40 mg Tablet - 1 Tablet(s) by mouth once a day SELENIUM SULFIDE - 2.25 % Shampoo - lather, apply to skin, off 10 minutes later q d x 1 week, then biweekly - No SILDENAFIL - 50 mg Tablet - 1 Tablet(s) by mouth 1 hour prior to intercourse Tablet(s) by mouth once a day area Discharge Medications: 1. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. pravastatin 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 4. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day): take while on pain medication. Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 5. amlodipine 2.5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 6. hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO 7. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4H (every 4 Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. Plavix (clopidogrel), or Aspirin, prior to your injury, you may ?????? If you have been prescribed Dilantin (Phenytoin) for laboratory blood drawing in one week. This can be drawn at your If you have been discharged on Keppra (Levetiracetam), you will ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while ?????? Take Aspirin 325mg (enteric coated) once daily. unless otherwise directed post procedure pain or discomfort. What activities you can and cannot do: ?????? You may shower (let the soapy water run over groin incision, ?????? Your incision may be left uncovered, unless you have small band aid over the area that is draining, as needed 1 week (to allow groin puncture to heal). ?????? After 1 week, gradually increase your activities and distance ?????? No driving until you are no longer taking pain medications What to report to office: half vision) ?????? Severe headache or worsening headache not controlled by pain ?????? A sudden change in the ability to move or use your arm or leg ?????? Trouble swallowing, breathing, or talking ?????? Temperature greater than 101.5F for 24 hours green drainage from incisions ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Followup Instructions: surgery) for removal of your staples/sutures and/or a wound Please make this appointment by calling . If you for the same, with your PCP. , to be seen in 4 weeks. Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: craniotomy for tumor resection 61 y/o Female experienced a sudden onset headache which head. At the time she was trying to speak forcefully. Became never had LOC. She did have nausea and one episode of vomitting. trauma. No visual changes. Some L tinnitus for past 2 days. transferred Dilantin, headache is . History obtained with son translating. CT readmitted to . Past Medical History: PMHx:goiter, s/p thyroidectomy, anxiety, breast lumpectomy, ?ear Social Hx:Speaks Portguese lives at home with husband, no EtOH, Family History: Family Hx:Non-contributory Brief Hospital Course: based lesion by Dr. . Following surgery, she was observed in stable condition. By hospital day 3 she was ambultating, cleared her for home without services on . She was then 1. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO Q8 hours () for 3 doses: on date . Disp:*4 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 2. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8 hours () for 3 doses: on . Disp:*3 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 3. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO Q8 hours () for 3 doses: on . Disp:*3 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*40 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: ?????? Have a family member check your incision daily for signs of ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed excessive bending ?????? You may shower before this time with assistance and use of a ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber as pain medicine ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. as prescribed and follow up with laboratory blood drawing as ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at FOLLOWING: ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities relieved by pain medication ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F You have an appointment with , MD Phone: Date/Time: 4:00 on 8 on the . You . Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Left temporal craniotomy for mass resection 55-year-old male who initially presented s/p seizures with a lobe on MRI of his brain. Also recent finding of a chest lesion purposes, surgery was recommended and risks and benefits were Past Medical History: Notable for 1.5 PPD TOB for the past 30+ years NC Physical Exam: On admission: Nonfocal On discharge: strength full, sensation intact, ambulatory ecchymosis secondary to surgery Pertinent Results: 1. Subtle foci of high attenuation layering along the sulci of lobes, bilaterally; a small amount of post-operative extra-axial hemorrhage. 2. Expected post-operative changes with resection cavity within temporal region and pneumocephalus. MRI BRAIN resection of a previously known rim-enhancing mass lesion in the identified consistent with pneumocephalus, residual blood towards the right with approximately 2 mm of deviation. No new noted in the mastoid air cells bilaterally. Patient presented electively on for resection of left procedure well and was extubated int he operating room. He was post-op head CT showed minimal blood in the resection cavity. exam was nonfocal with the exception of mild affect change. He remained stable voernight. On the morning of his exam was without difficulty, was tolerating a diet and was deemed fit for follow-up in the brain tumor clinic. Medications on Admission: 1. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 3. Famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 4. Oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) Disp:*45 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: See Taper Order below Tablet PO four times a day: Please take 4mg(2 tablets) 4 times a day on then take 2mg(1 tablet) 2 times a day until your appointment on Disp:*45 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. not require blood work monitoring. are taking a medication to protect your stomach (Prilosec, irritation. Make sure to take your steroid medication with ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while ?????? You had a seizure and cannot drive for 6 months FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. ??????Please return to the office in days (from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements ??????You have an appointment in the Brain Clinic on at , in the Building, . Their phone number is appointment, or require additional directions.
Admission Date: Discharge Date: Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Addendum: Home Discharge Instructions: of infection. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You may wash your hair only after staples have been removed. your head. medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking while taking narcotic pain medication. anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while ?????? Continue all other medications you were taking before surgery, ?????? You make take Tylenol or prescribed pain medications for any ?????? You may shower (let the soapy water run over groin incision, ?????? Your incision may be left uncovered, unless you have small band aid over the area that is draining, as needed 1 week (to allow groin puncture to heal). ?????? After 1 week, gradually increase your activities and distance ?????? No driving until you are no longer taking pain medications What to report to office: ?????? Changes in vision (loss of vision, blurring, double vision, ?????? Slurring of speech or difficulty finding correct words to use medication or the ability to feel your arm or leg ?????? Numbness, coldness or pain in lower extremities ?????? New or increased drainage from incision or white, yellow or ?????? Bleeding from groin puncture site ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F MD Completed by:
