Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: Cardiac catheterization x2 History of Present Illness: hypercholesterolemia who presents with several hours of constant of chest pressure this afternoon ~3:30pm while sitting at the feeling odd throughout the day w/ occassional chest pressure but several hours, the pain grew progressively worse and only began SOB with his chest pressure but denies nausea, paresthesias, previous anginal equilivant in that it is more severe and . of chest pressure over the past week with his most recent with exertion and was unable to climb 11 stairs w/out resting chest pressure and SOB. He denies current PND and orthopnea but therapy. Other than the above symptoms, he denies any recent melena, or BPRBR. He has been taking his medications w/out fail . although the morphology of his QRS complex suggests that aVF and furhter evaluation. Here, his EKG was thought to be concerning was given morphine and started on a heparin and nitroglycerin loaded and cardiology consulted before the decision was made to floor for further management or unstable angina vs NSTEMI. 1. CAD s/p stent at in (2.5x8mm Multilink Pixel - 2. OSA on CPAP at home 4. Hypercholesterolemia Social History: back injury. Currently 1ppd smoker (total ~60pk/yrs). Denies Father w/ MI at 43. Mother w/ MI later in life as well as VS: AF, 172/75, 58, 18, 96% 2L Gen: Overweight middle-aged lying in bed in NAD HEENT: MMM, O/P clear CV: RRR, no M/R/G appreciated Lungs: CTA bilaterally Abd: Obese, soft, non-tender, no HSM, +BS Ext: Very slight lower calf edema bilaterally Neuro: Appropriate in conversation, moving all extremities Skin: No rashes Pertinent Results: EKG: Sinus rhythm at 60 bpm. Normal intervals and slight L axis. depressions. CXR and : No acute cardiopulmonary process. Cardiac cath : The LMCA had 20% ulcerated plaque extending plaque suggested a thin fibrous cap and echolucent core (? plaque). The LAD had mild diffuse disease. The LCX proximal patent. An OM branch had 60% proximal stenosis. The RCA was a nondominant vessel with distal occlusion. Severe systemic HTN (LVEDP 27-33 mmHg); normal LV systolic function with LVEF dilated aortic root (4-4.5 cm) and no definite evidence of proximal L renal artery. CT chest : No evidence of aortic dissection, pulmonary change with small ulcerating plaques in the infrarenal aorta, . TTE : The left atrium is moderately dilated. No atrial septal The left ventricular cavity size is normal. Left ventricular hyperdynamic (EF>75%). Right ventricular chamber size and free athe sinus level. The ascending aorta is moderately dilated. The appear structurally normal with good leaflet excursion and no normal with trivial mitral regurgitation. There is no mitral seen. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is . R groin US : Wall-to-wall blood flow is demonstrated in both pseudoaneurysm, or fluid collection in the right groin. Cardiac cath : 80% mid CX lesion and an 80% OM1 lesion. There PTCA and stenting was performed of the mid CX with overlapping stenting was performed of the Om1 with a 3.0x8 mm Cypher drug Final angiography revealed 0% residual stenosis, no dissection, 6F Angioseal device. CT abd/pelvis : There are moderate sized bilateral than right. The left collection measures approximately 14 x 12 7 cm. Likely originating from the left groin puncture site. retroperitoneal fashion into the lower abdomen as above. A/P: 55y/o M w/ CAD here with several hours of SSCP and EKG . 1. Chest Pain: Previous history of CAD s/p stents at in exercise tolerance. Patient was started on nitro gtt in the ED laterally (new) but ruled out for MI with 3 sets of negative CE. unstable angina. TIMI risk score of 4 so will benefit from early of pain in his back. Given this history a CTA was performed to taken to cath on revealing a 20% ulcerated LMCA plaque proximal stent was patent. An OM branch had 60% proximal elevated left heart filling pressure (LVEDP 27-33 mmHg). Left 65% and no mitral regurgitation. Given his elevated filling was given 150mg plavix per recommendation from the continued on ASA/BB/statin. On the night of he again developed chest pain similar in was restarted on nitro gtt with relief. He was again noted to to his presentation. His cath films were reviewed and it was culprit lesion. He was restarted on heparin and integrillin showed an 80% mid CX lesion and an 80% OM1 lesion. They were heparin and integrillin. Approximately 1 hour post cath the SBP in the 80s and HR in 40s. He was symptomatic with was going to pass out. He was given atropine x2, NS bolus with that showed a large RP bleed. He was then transferred to the CCU and 4 units of pRBC. Hct never dropped but was stable with the 4 Once stabilized his ACEI was restarted and uptitrated. He was to the floor for further care. On the floor he remained chest abdomen in the location of blood pooling. His hct were checked . 2. HTN: The patient was on an impressively diverse and high dose he was compliant with his medications. Given that his BP was secondary hypertension was considerd, particularly RAS. During showed no stenosis. He was initially continued on all of his RP bleed as above. He was transferred back to the floor on so it was uptirated to 20mg daily. In addition he was restarted restarted given his tendency to become quite bradycardic with abnormalities making it unnecessary given the potential SE. His . 3. LBP: patient has chronic pain well controlled on home long acting oxycontin was held given his hypotension and was on his home regimen. 4. OSA: Patient uses CPAP at home but was unclear of his admitted. 5. Hypercholesterolemia: continued outpatient atorvastatin total chol 229, LDL 136, HDL 43. 6. Anemia: After the patient's initial cath his hct was found to however there was a soft bruit noted by the cardiology fellow. abnormalities. It was felt that a component of the decreased Following his second catheterization he was found to have a was stable at 36 on discharge. 7. Smoking: Patient was counselled on smoking cessation. He was given a prescription for varenicline. FEN: Patient was kept on a cardiac/heart healthy diet. His K . ASA 81mg Oxycontin 10mg tid B12 500mg Diovan/HCTZ 320/50mg Prilosec 20mg Lipitor 20mg 1. Oxycodone 10 mg Tablet Sustained Release 12HR Sig: One (1) 2. Folic Acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. Vitamin B-12 500 mcg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a 4. Tizanidine 2 mg Tablet Sig: Four (4) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 5. Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once 6. Doxazosin 4 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO HS (at bedtime). 7. Prilosec 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) 8. Amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 9. Atorvastatin 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 10. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) 11. Clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 12. Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 13. Varenicline 0.5(11)-1(3X14) mg Tablets, Dose Pack Sig: One (1) Tablets, Dose Pack PO once a day: Days - Take 0.5 mg once Disp:*1 Tablets, Dose Pack(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Retroperitoneal bleed Hypertension Discharge Condition: without difficulty. You were admitted to the hospital for chest pain. You had a arteries. You will need to be on Plavix every day due to your . provided to you. You should continue to take your medications as prescribed. If you experience chest pain, difficulty breathing, worsening other concerning symptoms please call your doctor or go to the have provided you with a prescription for a medication called The first pack will last you one month. You will need to get a months after you finish it. Followup Instructions: can call ( to schedule an appointment. Please follow up with your PCP weeks as well. You should they are stable.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: for high-risk PCI. Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: cardiac cath HPI: this is a 69 year-old man with CAD s/p CABG in at PCI with stenting to L circ. post CABG anatomy: SVG to PDA with R to left collateral to OM3 SVG to D1 with jump graft to OM1 (occluded ) cath: intervention PCI to osteal and distal LCX, TIMI 3 70% distal LMCA lesion; OM2 with 95% stenosis: Diag filled by L collat PDA 70% proximal SVG PDA patent . with crescendo angina requiring NTG 75x/ (previous by cold/large meals, and walking up stairs; no associated SOB. angina because of limitation from plantar fascitis and PVD; required. He was referred for p-MIBI which showed large areas of ischaemia with almost complete anterior reversibility. He was showed as below. cath: 90% L circ lesion SVG to D1 is proximally occluded; jump graft to OM1 patent SVG to OM1 occluded 100% (old) His cardiac catheterization was complicated by dizziness, angiography and thus only achieved a limited look. He was heparin, integrellin, BB, nitro drip but had 2 further episodes drip and SL nitro. EKG showed 2mm STD in II, III, aVF, CE's were monitoring and planned high-risk PCI tomorrow AM On transfer to our CCU he was initially feeling well, then to his R arm + nausea, no diaphoresis or SOB. This was relieved morphine, and 1 SL NTG. EKG showed 2mm STD in V3-V5 and lead I. Past Medical History: EF 55% Obesity ? PVD L leg OA of knees Erectile dysfunction 40 pack-yr smoking history; quit 's. occasional EtOH. Family History: T: AF BP: 136/78 HR: 66 RR: 21 SaO2 96% 2L n/c HEENT: NCAT, PERRL CV: RRR no m/r/g Pulm: clear anteriorly Abd: obese; s/nd/nt + BS Groin: R arterial sheath in-place; ?sutures malpostioned?; no Extremities: warm, well-perfused. 1+ R DP pulse; trace L DP Pertinent Results: EKG: Sinus rhythm. ST segment flattening and slight lateral ischemic process. Cath: FINAL DIAGNOSIS: 2. Widely patent LIMA-LAD and SVG-RCA. and 4. Severely elevated PCWP with giant V waves from ischemic regurgitation. 6. Calcified but nonobstructive lower abdominal, bilateral femoral artery disease. Extravastion of contrast around RFA 7. Successful PTCA and stenting of the distal LM/CX with a drug stent. Unsuccessful PTCA of a small distal LPL lesion. RCFA . ECHO during cath lab: EF 40% 1. The left atrium is 2. Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The left systolic function is at least mildly depressed with inferior and function is likely more depressed given the severity of valvular suggest that it is probably normal. moderate (2+) mitral regurgitation is seen. With coronary least moderate to moderately severe.[Due to acoustic shadowing, UNDERestimated.] . ECHO after cath: LVEF 45% Conclusions: 2. Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The left systolic function is mildy depressed. 4.The aortic valve leaflets (3) appear structurally normal with 5.The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. At least limits). 7.There is no pericardial effusion. Cath: FINAL DIAGNOSIS: 2. 60% ostial LM lesion prior to stent. 4. Successful PTCA of the 90% LPL lesion. drug 6. Normal right sided filling pressures with borderline normal artery pressures. 8. Preserved cardiac output. CXR: IMPRESSION: Diffuse bilateral pulmonary infiltrates . U/S groin: IMPRESSION: Hypoechoic mass in the right clinical setting. No evidence of pseudoaneurysm. . Brief Hospital Course: coronary anatomy (LIMA to LAD, SVG to D1, SVG to PDA, known presented with crescendo angina with recent p-MIBI showing one with infero-lateral ST depression associated with anginal . #) Cardiac: Patient presented with an NSTEMI and persistent CP. placed to the LMCA towards the LCX. He subsequently had three continued to rise. He was taken back to the cath lab the next His medications were optimized for BP and HR control. He was aspirin, metoprolol 125mg , losartan 100mg daily and should no longer have anginal pain after intervention and his An ECHO during his first cath suggested moderate MR in response discharge showed a preliminary read of LVEF of 35% with inferior looking for any recovery of function. He was given fluids after his second cath for renal protection fluid overload as he became short of breath and a chest x-ray furosemide and the patient was thought to be euvolemic at . # R Groin bleed: He was transferred to with a sheath in and resulted in a right groin hematoma. Pressure was held and ultrasound of the groin revealed a 4-5 cm hematoma with no . # urology: During cath at the OSH his penile implant device was an empiric course of ciprofloxacin for 7 days to prevent have this fixed. # Diabetes: His HA1C was 7.5% suggesting he could use stronger NPH and sliding scale insulin. He should monitor his blood . # Physical therapy: He was evaluated by physical therapy and was rehab closer to his home. # code status: full code. # ppx: Patient was given the pneumovax vaccine. He said he Medications on Admission: cozaar 100 daily ASA 81 isosorbide 60mg dilay norvasc 5 SL nitro potassium 10 . ASA 325 protonix 40 lipitor 80 norvasc 5 cozaar 100 daily (at home) morphine integrillin drip Discharge Medications: 1. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 2. Clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Latanoprost 0.005 % Drops Sig: One (1) Drop Ophthalmic HS (at 4. Atorvastatin 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 5. Metoprolol Tartrate 50 mg Tablet Sig: 2.5 Tablets PO BID (2 Disp:*150 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 6. Insulin NPH Human Recomb 100 unit/mL Suspension Sig: Twelve 7. Furosemide 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 8. Losartan 50 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Nitroglycerin 0.4 mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: One (1) Tablet, 10. Ciprofloxacin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q12H Disp:*8 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 11. Potassium 2.5 mEq Tablet Sig: Four (4) Tablet PO once a day. Discharge Disposition: Primary diagnosis: -CAD s/p cath with stents placed to the left main to circumflex -CHF with systolic dysfunction and LVEF of ~35% -HTN stable vital signs Chest pain free You were admitted with chest pain and underwent cardiac aspirin and plavix for at least one year uninterrupted. You (Please note that some changes have been made to your . your anterior wall and apex of the heart giving an ejection have a repeat ECHO of your heart in months to re-evaluate . your fluid intake to 1.5L/day. You should weigh yourself daily . you have further chest pain, shortness of breath, fevers >101, symptoms which are concerning to you. You are being treated with an antibiotic ciprofloxacin for a a total of a 7 day course. You should follow up with your Please follow up with your cardiologist Dr. . An appointment has been made for you on Monday at 3:40pm. appointment. Please follow up with your PCP . in weeks. discharged. Please call to make an appointment. Please follow up with your urologist in weeks. Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: Cardiac cathterization w/ placed to RCA and LCx Unsuccessful atrial flutter ablation Mr. is a 55yo M w/ PMH of GERD and psoriasis who developed sensation that he thought was heartburn and states that these at a time. He was awoken from sleep at 3:30 this AM with a and sat up in a chair to see if it resolved. He only had minor PCP who gave him a script for zantac. He took zantac x1 w/ no that when he got up from his chair this afternoon, that he felt vomiting. Pain was and radiated from chest through to his returned from work at 4:30pm, he tried to have something to eat sx so he and his wife decided to go to the ER. Went to Hospital ER where VS on arrival were BP SVT w/ aberrancy and RBBB which then broke revealing widened worsening chest pain which was associated with a wide complex V1-V4. Portable CXR was reportedly negative for any acute 48.6, Plt 304, K 3.6, Cr 1.1, glu 189, TSH 1.49, Ca 9.5, Mg 1.8, ASA 325, SL ntg x3, lopressor IV + PO, morphine, and plavix 600. transferred to for emergent cardiac cath. In cath lab, was found to have normal LMCA, 60% mid LAD, 30% stented w/ DES x2 with 0% residual stenosis, and 70% stenosis cardiac index. Dopa gtt was started for hypotension and for further monitoring. GERD Lives w/ wife in . Has 3 kids, 6 grandchildren. vocational school. No tobacco (quit in after 3 pack-yrs). 2 physical in (chol, BP normal per report), colonoscopy (neg) + for CAD: M had stroke 76, F d of MI at 78, MGF d MI at 55, amputation of his foot) Physical Exam: sats 100% on 2L IABP settings: assisted systole 98, augmented diastole 112, unloading 11 GEN - Pleasant, WDWN male, lying flat. Breathing comfortably, HEENT - Sclera anicteric, MM dry, neck supple, prominent EJ, but CV - Tachycardic, reg, normal S1, S2. + sounds IABP so no LUNGS - CTA anteriorly, no crackles/wheezes/rhonchi. EXT - cool feet, no c/c/e. 2+ DP/PT pulses bilaterally. NEURO - CN II-XII grossly intact. Labs on admission: PT 13.3*, PTT 35.1*, INR(PT) 1.2* ALT 69*, AST 303*, LD(LDH) 691*, AlkPhos 63, TBili 0.8 TSH 1.3 ABG: 7.32/53/86/29 Cardiac enzymes: 11:35PM CK(CPK)-3494* CK-MB-278* MB Indx-8.0* 04:51AM CK(CPK)-4321* CK-MB-384* MB Indx-8.9* 02:33PM CK(CPK)-4198* CK-MB-327* MB Indx-7.8* 04:00AM CK(CPK)-2694* CK-MB-101* MB Indx-3.7 10:00PM CK(CPK)-699* CK-MB-15* MB Indx-2.1 04:30AM CK(CPK)-648* CK-MB-12* MB Indx-1.9 . WBC 6.3, Hct 31.6, MCV 88, Plt 314 Na 137, K 4.5, Cl 102, HCO3 23, BUN 14, Cr 1.1, Glu 103, Mg 2.2 Vanco 10.6 Micro: organisms . CATH (COMMENTS): circulation without flow limiting disease. The LAD had a 30% proximal mid segment stenosis. The D1 was a relatively small vessel, but The LCx had a proximal total occlussion. The RCA had a mid were collaterals from the LAD supplying the LCx territory. demonstrated elevated left sided filling pressures (RVEDP 20mmHg; mean PCWP calculated cardiac output by the Fick method was 3.5 L/min with 3. Throughout the procedure, the patient had episodes of atrial require IV amiodarone therapy. DES. femoral artery access site. FINAL DIAGNOSIS: 2. Cardiogenic shock. PCI of the RCA. . The left atrium is mildly dilated. No atrial septal defe ventricular hypertrophy with normal cavity size. There is regional wall motion abnormalities include akinesis of the nd infero-lateral walls including the basal infero-septum. Right function appears depressed with akinesis of the inferior RV free aortic stenosis is not present. No aortic regurgitation is seen. regurgitation. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure There are no echocardiographic signs of tamponade. IMPRESSION: Moderate regional LV systolic dysfunction c/w an wall is akinetic suggesting RV involvement. The IVC is dilated, elevated right sided filling pressures. CXR : aortic knob. Withdrawal by approximately 1 cm may be helpful for asymmetrical pulmonary edema pattern. CXR : aortic knob. Withdrawal by approximately 1 cm may be helpful for 2. Slight improvement in the asymmetrical pulmonary edema . DES placed to mid LCx . Remained in aflutter at end of procedure CXR : 2. Interval development of left lower lobe opacity. . PA and lateral chest. Probable cardiomegaly appears stable normal. Lung volumes are decreased since the previous the left, are increased. Increased prominence of the upper zone Bibasilar atelectasis. ECHO : ventricular hypertrophy. The left ventricular cavity size is top ventricular systolic dysfunction (LVEF 50%). Resting regional akinesis. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. Trivial mitral There are no echocardiographic signs of tamponade. Compared with systolic function is now improved with improved lateral wall . 1. Left PICC in SVC. bibasilar atelectasis or consolidation. # ISCHEMIA: Mr. had an inferior STEMI and went straight to RCA. On cath, both his RCA and LCx were occluded, but the LCx first, an IABP was placed for cardiogenic shock, and the patient well as a heparin gtt. He remained CP free and his BP remained for repeat cath and had a DES placed in his LCx. The IABP maintain stable BP on his own. His cardiac enzymes peaked with a He was started on ASA, plavix, high dose statin, low dose tolerated these medications well without any side effects. His elevated, trended down during his admission. # PUMP: Mr. had an ECHO performed on which revealed with RV inferior free wall akinesis as well as moderate regional myocardial infarction. He also had evidence of elevated right bilaterally, but no peripheral edema or JVD. He was given lasix prior to discharge which showed improvement in his EF to 50%, abnormalities, including free wall motion, however, were normal. # RHYTHM: Mr. was found to be in atrial fibrillation would intermittently develop rapid afib/flutter and his BP would originally, then an esmolol gtt, without a return to NSR. The approximately 30 seconds but was not able to sustain that amiodarone. It was decided to attempt afib/flutter ablation procedure, he was intermittently in NSR, but for the most part, unsuccessful and he remained in afib/flutter on return to the ~ 12 hrs, but had gone back into afib/flutter by the morning of for outpatient EP follow-up with Dr. 6 weeks afib/flutter as a bridge until he was therapeutic on coumadin. # FEVER/LEUKOCYTOSIS: Mr. had a leukocytosis on admission, grade fever (100.6) on the morning of . He developed showed a possible LLL opacity, so ceftriaxone was started for a opacity, so his antibiotics were going to be switched to keflex that time, blood cultures from began to grow gram several days, he was treated empirically with vancomycin. pan-sensitive coagulase negative staph. He was delined and once an extended course of IV antibiotics. Prior to discharge, he was pansensitive. # HYPERGLYCEMIA: Mr. had an elevated glucose on admission, control. He never had repeat episodes of hyperglycemia and never discontinued. # HCT DROP: Mr. had a Hct of 43 on admission and it was loss and it was felt that it was most likely dilutional. His during his hospitalization. # FEN: He was kept on a low sodium, heart healthy diet. He had volume overload. His electrolytes were checked daily and were . # ACCESS: Peripheral IVs # PPX: He was originally on a heparin gtt for his IABP and his INR was therapeutic on coumadin. He was given a PPI for GI # CODE: Full # DISPO: To home, with services for IV antibiotics. Ranitidine 1. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) Disp:*90 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 2. Clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Atorvastatin 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 4. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One Disp:*30 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 5. Amiodarone 200 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 6. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4-6H (every 7. Nitroglycerin 0.4 mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: One (1) tablet Sublingual q 5 min x3 as needed for chest pain: Take one tablet tablet. If still having chest pain after 3 tablets, call 911. . Disp:*30 tablets* Refills:*2* Three (3) Tablet Sustained Release 24HR PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*90 Tablet Sustained Release 24HR(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Lisinopril 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 10. Warfarin 2.5 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO HS (at Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 11. Oxacillin 2 g Recon Soln Sig: Two (2) gram Intravenous Disp:*14 day supply* Refills:*0* Please have an INR checked on . The results of this test or fax# . Home With Service Facility: Acute IMI with placed to RCA and LCx Atrial flutter/atrial fibrillation Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: of the following symptoms: dizziness, lightheadedness, fever, vomiting, leg numbness, tingling or swelling, or any other . must take your aspirin and plavix EVERY DAY to help keep your follow-up appointment with Dr. on . 3. Please keep all your follow-up appointments. Please call your appointment to be seen within two weeks. 4. You will be given a prescription to have laboratory values level) checked on Monday, . As discussed, please be , or fax #. . Followup Instructions: to make an appointment to be seen in the next 2. You have a follow up appointment with Dr. from the Division of Electrophysiology. Your appointment is on at 1:30. His office is located on the of the questions or scheduling needs.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: cardiac catheterization OUTPT CARDIOLOGIST: Mr. is an 80yo M with dementia, CAD s/p CABG in then s/p 2 caths this year with patent LIMA, totally occluded presented to Hospital with increasing chest pain . cathed for recurrent angina. Admitted to on chest pressure was the morning of transfer, associated with dry ASA, Plavix, Statin, BBker, Imdur and placed on Heparin gtt. Cath last here at showed a patent BMS in LCX and no from was to optimize medical therapy in opening RCA CTO as for pre-hydration in anticipation of the above procedure. On the floor, pt is agitated, and unwilling to answer questions to leave the hospital. He states, "my daughters should be cath. CAD s/p CABG with re-do X 1 Dyslipidemia Dementia Cholecystectomy GERD Lives alone in retirement community. Has 11 children who are No hx of tobacco/etoh/drugs Non-contributory Physical Exam: Vitals: 98.6 140/70 73 18 97% RA Gen: Appears agitated but in NAD. HEENT: PERRL, EOMI, conjunctiva pink. OP clear. Neck: No JVP, No Carotid bruit Lungs: Well-healed scar around the left scapula. Rough crackles CV: S1, S2, PMI nondisplaced ABD: Soft, NT, ND, + BS's EXT: 1+ pedal pulses, no edema Neuro: Refusing to answer orientation questions. CN II-XII throughout. Pertinent Results: At OSH: BUN 32 4 am CK 92 CK MB 3.6 Index 3.9 Trop-I 0.02 4 pm CK 89 MB 3.8 Index 4.3 trop-I 0.14 Radiology Results: mild prominence of the markings at the right base. The are noted. EKG: Sinus at 77, old inferior infarct. <1mm ST depression in I . OSH ECHO: EF 55%-60%, septal wall hypertrophy. Basal LA. ECHO: size is normal. There is mild regional left ventricular systolic dysfunction with inferior and inferolateral akinesis. Right aortic root is mildly dilated at the sinus level. The aortic stenosis. Mild (1+) aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral regurgitation is seen. The left ventricular inflow pattern mildly thickened. There is no pericardial effusion. parasternal long-axis views compatible with probable severe . 1. Access via 4 F sheath in RFA. We took pictures of the native were engaged in order to save contrast. These views showed the 2. Hemodynamics with BP 132/70 with HR in sinus at 74 on IV tng. 3. The plan in conjunction with referring Dr. from have angina could have the RCA CTO opened as well as PCI of a . 1. Selective coronary angiography of this right dominant system LMCA had no obstruction. The LAD was totally occluded at its stenoses may impair flow to the septals which do supply flow to tubular 70% lesion in the proximal OM1 which is then occluded totally occluded in its mid-portion, with left to right and 2. Selective angiography of the bypass conduits demonstrated widely 3. Successful placement of a 2.0x12mm Mini Vision angiography showed normal flow, no apparent dissection, and no 4. The right femoral arteriotomy was successfully closed using a FINAL DIAGNOSIS: 2. Totally occluded SVG-RPDA and SVG-OM2. 4. Successful BMS placement in the LCx. showed The LAD course and the RCA long 80% The LCX origin to the with diseased 2- Limited resting hemodynamic assessment showed moderately (171/60 mmHg). branching OM2. dissection distal 4- Successful PTCA and stenting of the proximal LCX with a Cypher DES. Final angiography showed no residual stenosis with flow and no dissection or distal emboli. Rigorous flow into the 5- Successful revascularization of a totally occluded RCA with the entire RCA proper (ostium to bifurcation). Final angiography 30-40% residual stenosis with stable nonflow-limiting (TIMI III) dissection (proximal third) and no distal emboli. to the 1. Three vessel coronary artery disease. 3. Successful POBA of the distal OM. DES. re-establishment of 6- Successful deployment of a Perclose Proglide closure device RCFA. Echo: left ventricular hypertrophy. The left ventricular cavity is moderately-to-severely depressed (LVEF= 30%) secondary to severe basal inferior septum and inferior free wall are dyskinetic. The size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets Mild (1+) aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve prolapse. Mild to moderate (+) mitral regurgitation is seen. pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. There is no pericardial . Brief Hospital Course: awaiting cath. He had an uneventful night except for extreme he was agitated and refused cardiac cath. He was then undergo cath. He did have chest pain and hypoxia on the floor aggitation that resolved when calmer. He was transferred for # AMS: Patient was transferred to CCU after refusing cardiac positive and thus was started on antibiotics as it was thought infection. He also was initially treated with haldol and zyprexa with seroquel and a few days of ABx. Still has nighttime previously. He will continue venlafaxine for now. He can take . # Angina: Refractory to medical management. Had cardiac cath good cardiac surgery patient he had POBA of RCA and OM2 and DES blocker. From home meds, his imdur was decreased, and losartan remained chest pain free and was feeling well even with the mild . # CRI: (Cr 1.8-2.1 in ). Pre- and post-cath hydration anticipation of cath. Creatinine was stable post cath at then plateaued, is likely contrast nephropathy and will continue . # HTN: Was continued on Imdur and BBker and was added normotensive except for some hypertension while aggitated early . # Dyslipidemia: Was continued on high dose atorvastatin. # UTI: patient with dirty UA and was treated with cipro X 7 days psych meds and he was switched to cefpodoxime and he will finish treatment after discharge. # Anemia: Patient had Hct<30 post-cath and was transfused total stable. He required lasix with the transfusions (40mg IV) with CCU. # Fluid overload: had crackles on exam and still had a 3L O2 was transitioned to 40 mg PO daily which can be reevaluated as . Once back to team, patient was doing well. He was briefly satting well on room air but with movement required but was much improved previously. His family agreed to a short rehab stay where his fluid status PT and have nursing care at night in the case of delerium. Medications at home: 2) Clopidogrel 75 Qday 4) Imdur 60 Qday 6) Losartan 100 Qday 8) Effexor 75 Qday . Imdur, plavix, aspirin 325mg, nexium, coreg, cozaar, Lipitor, Discharge Medications: 1. Venlafaxine 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 2. Atorvastatin 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 3. Isosorbide Mononitrate 60 mg Tablet Sustained Release 24 hr Sig: Two (2) Tablet Sustained Release 24 hr PO DAILY (Daily). 4. Carvedilol 12.5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 times 5. Ranitidine HCl 150 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 6. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) 7. Clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 8. Losartan 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 9. Cefpodoxime 100 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q24H (every 24 hours): Please continue for one more day. Last dose should 10. Lasix 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 11. Seroquel 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO at bedtime as Discharge Disposition: Rehabilitation and Nursing Center - Discharge Diagnosis: 1. Coronary Artery Disease 3. Delerium Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: blockages in your heart. It was not well controlled on oral breath. We did a cardiac catheterization and did two balloon better and your symptoms improved after the catheterization. You also had some delerium while you were in the hospital. We should not need to continue seroquel at home. Please take the medicines as described in the attached sheet. daily to 120 mg daily, decreasing your losartan from 100 mg daily to 25 twice daily. We added lasix 40 mg daily. We also antibiotic Cefpodoxime for one more day. Please call your doctor or return to the hospital for worsening sweating, nausea, vomitting, fevers, chills, or any other Adhere to 2 gm sodium diet. Followup Instructions: one to two weeks after being discharged from rehab so she can Dr. phone number is . Please follow up with your cardiologist Dr. within two an appointment which fits into their schedule. His number is MD Completed by:
Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: Cardiac Catheterization year old man with known CAD, s/p BMS to LAD in and s/p report, pt had 2 "NSTEMI"s in the last 6 months, but has refused with a RLL pneumonia on and was found to have and was discharged to Rehab on . He has today for cardiac catheterization. Patient reports that he has had worsening shortness of breath exertion, but more recently he has been dyspneic even at rest. that he sleeps on 2 pillows at baseline, but denies orthopnea, denies chest pain, palpitations. He does note that he has had month. He denies fevers, dysuria, neck stiffness. He reports that his worsening dyspnea is the main reason that he Given lasix 10 IV x 2 in the cath lab. Cardiac Risk Factors: + Dyslipidemia, + Hypertension Significant Past Medical History: to ostial RCA - Diabetes mellitus, type 2 - Hypothyroidism - Hypercholesterolemia - s/p cataract surgery Social History: Former smoker. There is no history of alcohol abuse. There is no family history of premature coronary artery disease Physical Exam: VS: T 95.6, BP 129/59, HR 84, RR 21, SpO2 100% on 2L NC Gen: elderly , supine in bed, NAD HEENT: MM dry, PERRLA, EOMI Neck: No JVD, supple Resp: +Scattered crackles anteriorly CV: RRR nl s1 s2 HSM best heard at apex Abd: +BS Soft, NT/ND Ext: Trace pitting edema b/l R>L Pulses: Right: Carotid 2+ Femoral 2+ Popliteal 2+ DP 1+ PT 1+ Left: Carotid 2+ Femoral 2+ Popliteal 2+ DP 1+ PT 1+ ETT performed on demonstrated : inferoposterolateral CARDIAC CATH performed on demonstrated: 40% distal stenosis. The LAD had a widely patent stent with stenosis at the ostium. 3. Limited hemodynamics demonstrated an elevated central aortic pressure of 140/58 mmHg. Three vessel coronary artery disease. Cardiac Cath on : LAD: Origin and proximal disease with 80% distal lesion in LCx: Occulsion of OM1, 70% lesion of ramus RCA: Severe in-stent restenosis 90% lesion . LVEF of 25% with modeate MR, moderate to severe TR and pulmonary Brief Hospital Course: CAD: Multiple cardiac risk factors (DM, hyperlipid, tobacco use, catheterization. He had a prolonged cath with high dye load and observation. He was hydrated post cath with D5 and bicarb for a On admission, he was mildly hypotensive to SBP 90s and his beta his beta blocker, metoprolol 12.5 . He would likely benefit was not started on this admission due to ARF. CHF: He had an echocardiogram on this admission which showed IV x 3 for high filling pressures (PCWP 29). On day 3 of regimen of lasix 20. Anemia: His hct remained stable throughout admission. His iron iron. He will benefit from an outpatient colonoscopy to . COPD: He was admitted on prednisone 15 for a COPD exacerbation on this admission with a schedule of 5 mg every 4 days. His resolving pnuemonia from his previous hospitalization afebrile and clinically without evidence of a new infection. CRI: His Cr trended up from 1.2 to 1.4. His acute renal received post-cath hydration. He was discharged with an ACEi when his creatnine returns to baseline. UTI: He was also found to have an asymptomatic urinary tract He was afebrile on discharge. BRBPR: He was noted to have an episode of bright red blood per cause of his bleed. His hct remained stable and he had no 1. Advair 100/50 1 puff q12h 3. Spiriva 18 mcg 1 puff daily 5. Prednisone 15 Daily 7. Lantus 5 units Daily at 5 pm 9. Plavix 75 daily 11. Toprol 12.5 ? 13. Celexa 20 daily 15. Colace 100 17. Prilosec 20 daily 1. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) 2. Clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 3. Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO bid prn as needed. 4. Atorvastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 5. Ferrous Sulfate 325 (65) mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO 6. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 7. Metoprolol Tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO BID (2 8. Prilosec 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) 9. Spiriva with HandiHaler 18 mcg Capsule, w/Inhalation Device Sig: One (1) Inhalation once a day. 10. Mucinex 600 mg Tablet Sustained Release Sig: One (1) Tablet 11. Xopenex 1.25 mg/0.5 mL Solution for Nebulization Sig: One 12. Lantus 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: 5 units Subcutaneous at 5 13. Fluticasone-Salmeterol 100-50 mcg/Dose Disk with Device Sig: 14. Lasix 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 15. Celexa 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 16. Prednisone 5 mg Tablet Sig: See taper Tablet PO see below for 7 days: Taper as follows: to , then 2.5 mg ( tab) from to . Then 17. Other 0-60 mg/dL Juice 4 oz. 151-200 mg/dL 2 Units. 251-300 mg/dL 6 Units. 351-400 mg/dL 10 Units. 18. Trimethoprim-Sulfamethoxazole 160-800 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Discharge Disposition: & Rehab Center - Discharge Diagnosis: Coronary Artery Disease . Hypertension COPD Iron deficiency Anemia Stable, O2 requirement of 2L unchanged from prior to admission You were admitted for a cardiac catheterization. You were found to one of your coronary arteries. You were also found to have you were treated with diuretics. The following of your medications were adjusted during your 1) Your lasix was increased to 20 daily. on an iron supplement. You should have a colonoscopy done to 3) You should taper off of the prednisone as instructed in your . the ED or see your PCP: extremity swelling or any other serious concerns. You should not discontinue taking Plavix until you are medication without your doctor's recommendation may be life We have made a follow-up appointment for you with Dr. . . for further evaluation of your anemia MD, Completed by:
