Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: EGD Briefly, patient is a 66 year man with a history of ETOH abuse back pain and episodic hyponatremia who presented with 2 days of 81 mg to 325 mg because of back pain. He states the emesis accompanied by LUQ pain. He also had one episode of diarrhea or BRBPR. In the ED, initial VS: 98.5 104 154/87 20 99. Patient felt woozy lavage with 500cc of dark brown material, then a clear yellow MICU, he was on a PPI gtt overnight, transitioned to IV BID 30->24. His last drink was Monday night. He was placed on CIWA following and plans to scope later today. He has not had any with SBPs in 100s off his home antihypertensives. ROS: He has chronic shortness of breath with exertion. He also fevers, chills, night sweats, headache, chest pain, or Past Medical History: chronic pancreatitis c/b pseudocyst, per patient Hyperlipidemia Colonic polyps removed GERD h/o cocaine, MJ abuse s/p incisional ventral hernia repair Social History: significantly decreased to 2-5 drinks at night to "calm myself Previously smoked much more. Last used crack 15 years ago. Still No family hx of colon CA. Father passed away age 66 to lung CA & old. Physical Exam: GENERAL: NAD, seated in chair in ICU room HEENT: pupils 2mm, dry MM CARDIAC: regular LUNG: CTAB ABDOMEN: +BS, NT, ND EXT: no lesions on feet, warm 02:50PM BLOOD WBC-7.9 RBC-3.82* Hgb-10.1* Hct-30.4* 07:53PM BLOOD WBC-7.3 RBC-3.52* Hgb-9.3* Hct-28.8* 03:29AM BLOOD WBC-5.1 RBC-2.98* Hgb-7.8* Hct-24.5* 09:00AM BLOOD Hct-31.0*# 05:00PM BLOOD Hct-30.5* 07:35AM BLOOD WBC-5.0 RBC-3.54* Hgb-9.4* Hct-28.5* 05:35PM BLOOD Hct-31.3* 05:40AM BLOOD WBC-5.6 RBC-3.43* Hgb-9.1* Hct-27.8* 10:45AM BLOOD Hct-31.0* Squamous epithelium, no diagnostic abnormalities recognized. EGD Grade B esophagitis in the lower third of the esophagus (biopsy) Erythema in the stomach body and fundus CXR FRONTAL VIEWS OF THE CHEST: Lung volumes are low, but there is consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The not enlarged. There is no hilar or mediastinal enlargement. calcifications are present. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. IMPRESSIONS: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mr. is 66 year old man with a history of alcohol abuse, coffee ground emesis. # Upper GI bleed: Mr. endoscopy on which stomach, and duodenitis. He is to continue on a PPI. He unit of pRBC for a Hct of 24. He is to follow up with GI for an within one month. He was advised to stop his aspirin and avoid . # Anemia: He has an iron deficiency anemia with normal folate iron supplementation. # Acute renal failure: Cr baseline 0.6-0.8, 1.7 on admission. following IVF. # Hyponatremia: He has been noted to have diabetes insipidus in episodic hyponatremia. Mr. recently stopped his normal limits. # COPD: We continued albuterol prn. # Hypertension: Home regimen was held on admission. It was . # BPH: Flomax held in the MICU. Restarted on floor. # Back Pain: Continued on home regimen of hydromorphone. # Alcohol abuse: Patient was on a CIWA scale. He did not score. with him about his alcohol abuse, but he was not interested in . Code status: Mr. was a full code during this admission. Medications on Admission: Hydromorphone 4 mg by mouth one or two a day as Lisinopril 20 mg by mouth Daily Omeprazole 20 mg by mouth Daily Aspirin 325 mg by mouth 1. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One Disp:*60 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 2. Iron 325 mg (65 mg Iron) Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Amitriptyline 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO HS (at 4. Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 5. Lovastatin 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 6. Tamsulosin 0.4 mg Capsule, Sust. Release 24 hr Sig: One (1) 7. Hydromorphone 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times 8. Folic Acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Thiamine HCl 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 10. Multivitamin Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO once a day. 11. Colace 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO twice a day as Disp:*30 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Blood loss anemia Secondary: Gastritis Alcohol abuse Hyperlipidemia Mental Status:Clear and coherent Level of Consciousness:Alert and interactive Activity Status:Ambulatory - Independent You were admitted to the hospital for bleeding from your (EGD or a scope of your stomach) that showed inflammation of the is evidence of cellular changes that will increase your risk of pantoprazole 40 mg TWICE a day. You also need a repeat EGD in 3 colonoscopy to further investigate your anemia. All this inflammation is most likely related to your alcohol due to your alcohol use. You MUST STOP drinking alcohol. Please also avoid taking an aspirin, naproxen (Aleve), or ulcers and irritation that leads to bleeding. The following changes have been made to your medication: omperazole. experience constipation, for which you can take an over the --Please also take the multivitamin, folic acid and thiamine. Please go to Clinic to have your Hematocrit checked on Monday, any time between 8:30AM-7:00PM. Your last . your primary care provider . , at 2:45PM. . NA, for at 2:30PM. The clinic number is .
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: None History of Present Illness: depression, significant alcohol abuse with evidence of cirrhosis with nausea and decreased appetite. Denied fever, chills, SOB, have coffee ground emesis. NG lavage revealed coffee ground quickly. Initial VS: BP 130/90, HR 70s-80s, satting >95% on ondansetron 2mg and pantoprazole 40mg IV and 1 liter NS. 2 PIVs 28-30 recently. His ECG was unchanged from prior but he was monitoring of upper GI bleed and ROMI. Past Medical History: Hypercholesterolemia s/p pacemaker placement GERD Alcohol abuse H/o allergic rhinitis Social History: of 20-31 y.o. There is history of alcohol abuse; he drinks 2-4 withdrawal. Denies illicit drug use. He is separated from his NC Physical Exam: VS: T99.4 BP 135/58 HR 95 R 20 97% RA Gen: comfortable, no distress HEENT: EOMI, dry mucous membranes CV: RRR nl S1S2 no M/R/G Pulm: CTA b/l Abd: soft, ND/NT, no rebound our guarding Ext: 2+ DP pulses, no edema Neuro: awake, alert, oriented x 3. Strength 5/5. Sensation to Pertinent Results: EKG: RBBB and left anterior fascicular block. Frequent PVCs. . CXR (): Pacemaker. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . LABORATORY DATA: Remarkable for Na 144, K 4.8, Cl 107, bicarb INR 1.0, CK 49, Trop 0.03. ALT 25, AST 95, AP 161, Tbili 0.4, 73 y.o. man with CAD, ETOH abuse, p/w nausea and coffee ground . # Upper GI bleed: Initially admitted to MICU for closer fluid which cleared. He received 1 unit PRBCs, IV protonix , performed the following day showed gastritis, likely secondary hematocrit remained stable and he was transitioned to an oral prior to discharge. He has a follow up appointment with his PCP discuss then whether to restart his ASA. # Respiratory Distress: Several hours after his EGD, the patient showed bilateral infiltrates L>R and he required oxygen briefly. hours the patient was back on room air and afebrile. He the episode was likely an aspiration event, triggering an afebrile and a repeat CXR showed improvement of the infiltrates, not started on antibiotics. #Chronic lung dz: The patient was noted to be consistently prescribed albuterol PRN. The patient was begun on Flovent for PCP to discuss continuation of this medication and possible PFTs #Liver disease: The patients physical exam was consistent with ascites, and caput medusa. The patient was referred to the Liver and were negative. # Metabolic Acidosis: The patient was noted to have an AG This was felt to be due to starvation ketosis. He was given D5W . and third sets. Repeat EKG showed no changes. Not consistent added back statin. Later added back his lasix and metoprolol Valium was given per CIWA scale but required little to none. A alcohol. The patient acknowledged he had a drinking problem but from him". # Depression- Continued on Zoloft # GERD: PPI # Chronic anemia with pancytopenia. Seen by Heme/Onc in suppression vs. MDS. Cotninued iron suppolementation # Hypoglycemia: FSBG 50-60 on am of admission. Gave pt D5W due intake. # PPx: Pneumoboots. PPI. # Code: FULL Atorvastatin 10 mg daily Ferrous sulfate 325 mg daily Metoprolol tartrate 25 mg Prevacid 30 mg daily Zofran 4 mg PO prn 1. Sertraline 50 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 2. Atorvastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 3. Ferrous Sulfate 325 (65) mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO 4. Albuterol 90 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: 1-2 Puffs Inhalation wheezing. 5. Metoprolol Tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID 6. Furosemide 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 7. Multivitamin Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 8. Flovent HFA 110 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: One (1) puff Inhalation twice a day: Rinse mouth out after each dose. . Disp:*1 Inhaler* Refills:*0* 9. Zofran 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO three times a day 10. Thiamine HCl 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a 11. Folic Acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 12. Vicodin 5-500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day. 13. Omeprazole 40 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) Disp:*60 Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Gastritis secondary to portal gastropathy Discharge Condition: stable. Discharge Instructions: gastroenterology doctors looked in your stomach with a scope and This was the cause of your bleeding but there was no active alcohol use--you should not drink ANY more alcohol. but if they do not begin to appear more brown by -19th, on an acid blocking medication called Omeprazole to better contribute to stomach damage. You should restart it next week to be chronically damaged, likely from alcohol. We made a follow better follow up on this condition. Please attend this not entirely controlled by your albuterol. We placed you on a should discuss this medication with your doctor. You should may lungs. You also had an episode of vomitting during which some of the to have affected your significantly. If you have increased you should call your doctor or return to the emergency room as Dr. , Monday at 2:30pm. -When to restart your aspirin -Whether you would benefit from Pulmonary Function Testing Provider: (Liver Doctor), MD Phone: Date/Time: 10:10
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: EGD History of Present Illness: found by family on the bathroom floor, vomiting coffee ground course which began about 1 month ago when he was brought into Arborway for ETOH detox. The family reports he had been heavily was taken off it at that time). He was then transfered from He was discharged home on percocet. He subsequently continued to vomiting some bloody material and was brought to carafate and PPI and sent home. Per his sister, his mental material all week and this morning his wife brought him here for . detox. They are unsure if he is drinking etoh but the patient using this). Per family he has been sleeping a lot and had . NGT showed coffee ground emesis; gave 1 u prbcs, 2700cc of NS . lethargic and smelled of ETOH. Repeat hct 26.9, Plts 49 and he 90s-110s. HR 80s. Pt had slurred speech but A&Ox2. NGT lavage . sustained abrasion to left flank.. no trauma to head but given . Hep C-acquired in military ', liver biopsy ' showed stopped 1 month ago; HCV RNA negative HTN Internal Hemorrhoids ETOH and Opiate dependence; s/p detox x2; recent admission h/o head trauma w/skull fracture h/o orthopedic surgeries . The patient was born and raised in . He has served in the periods of depression. No hx of combat (cold war). The patient disability (work related injury in ). He is currently last drink 1 month ago and has been getting Librium/valium for and quit 30 years ago. HIV negative per OSH report. Family History: cancer Physical Exam: GEN:somnolent but arousable, able to converse with constant HEENT:NC/AT, EOMI, PERRL, purulent material on R. eye Neck:Supple, JVP flat, no lymphadenopathy SKIN: Slight ecchymotic area on R. flank, non-tender CV:RRR, no murmurs/rubs PULM: Coarse bs throughout ABD: Soft, non-tender, ND, +BS, no rebound/guarding EXT:No LE edema NEURO:No asterixis. A&Ox3, knows president, knows wife's name. b/l in UE/LE ECHO: ventricular hypertrophy. The left ventricular cavity size is (EF>75%). Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion normal with good leaflet excursion. Trace aortic regurgitation mitral regurgitation is seen. There is borderline pulmonary No vegetations seen (cannot definitively exclude). CT ABDOMEN 1. No retroperitoneal hematoma. middle lobe the appearance of a small area of aspiration or atelectasis. kidney with 4. Colonic diverticulosis, without evidence of diverticulitis. 5. Cholelithiasis. EGD: No varices third of the esophagus compatible with esophagitis Erosions in the antrum compatible with N G trauma . CXR: In comparison with the study of , there is again opacification at the left base. Again, although this could atelectatic change, the possibility of pneumonia should be considered. A lateral view would be helpful for further patient's condition permits. CXR: Resolution of right infrahilar opacity. Improvement lower lobe opacity now strongly suggestive of atelectasis. Abdominal US: Son findings are consistent with However, there is no son sign and appearance is HIDA scan to further evaluate gallbladder function. The underlying liver disease. Coarse echogenic liver consistent with Brief Hospital Course: GI BLEED: Pt had several days of coffee ground emesis before (thought to be the bleeding source) and portal hypertensive stable hematocrit following this. Patient was started on PPI hospitalization. FEVER: Pt had fever of 101 F soon after admission. Initially source thought to be an aspiration pneumonia (right middle lobe cultures repeatedly too contaminated for evaluation. Regimen right-sided abdominal pain and nausea more imaging was cholecystitis. Surgery was notified and felt that surgery was when he is not acutely ill. Once pt completed levofloxacin flagyl. Pt will complete a two week course of antibiotics for symptoms had largely resolved with some residual RUQ tenderness. follow up with Dr. in two weeks to be reevaluated. Pt did discharge. Pt did continue to have RUQ pain at baseline, and refer to surgery if appropriate. WEAKNESS: Pt said he felt weak s/p ICU. Pt did not have any considering the pt had motor strength, and not in the ICU FNF and HTS, but unsteady in his gait. Pt was not able to not an acute process but actually subacute to chronic. They syndrome. PT did not feel that rehab would have helped meds including thiamine, folate, and MVI. AMS: Pt has been on multiple benzos per wife for withdrawal; MS acute intoxication. Did not appear overtly encephalopathic & over his course with return to baseline. Likely benzo related. ANEMIA: With GI bleed as above. Also concern that having non-GI bleeding. CT abdomen negative for RP bleed or bleeding S/P FALL: Pt fell while in ED and given low platelets and RP bleed. ETOH ABUSE: Pt recently admitted for detox and currently denies will cover for possible withdrawal. CIWA scale was done without CONJUNCTIVITIS: red eye with purulent discharge, started on discharge. HEPATITIS C: Followed by Dr ; recently completed course of Considered Lactulose but MS improved. Buspar 10mg Protonix 40mg daily Discharge Medications: 1. Multivitamin Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 2. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q6H (every 3. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One Disp:*60 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 4. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 5. Metronidazole 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 times a day) for 7 days: last dose on . Disp:*21 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. Ciprofloxacin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day for 7 days: last dose on . Disp:*14 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 7. Folic Acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 8. Lactulose 10 gram/15 mL Syrup Sig: Thirty (30) ML PO TID (3 Disp:*qs ML(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO BID (2 times a day) Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* treatment as per physical therapy 11. Thiamine HCl 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 12. Atenolol 50 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 13. Citalopram 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Home Discharge Diagnosis: UGIB- esophagitis and portal hypertensive gastropathy per EGD Acute cholecystitis Secondary: h/o EtOH and opiate abuse Depression/Anxiety Discharge Condition: diet and meds You were admitted to the hospital after experiencing several You were admitted to the ICU. In the ICU you were found to have underwent an upper GI scope to look for causes of the bleeding. gastropathy in your stomach. On chest x-ray you were found to at the pneumonia. It showed pneumonia as well as acute started on the appropriate antibiotics. Because you had stopped floor where you were further managed and monitored for your . did not feel that surgery was indicated at this time but will prevent future episodes of cholecystitis. Dr. will notify . Therapy was consulted. They felt that you would greatly benefit --You were started on Ciprofloxacin and Metronidazole to treat until . supplements daily twice a day. -- your Buspar was changed to celexa 20mg once a day Please notify your physician or return to the ED if your vomiting and fever return. Followup Instructions: Monday at 1pm. Telephone number .
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: upper endoscopy cardiac catheterization 38yo man with type I DM, CKD (baseline Cr 2.2-2.6, systolic and with recurrent admissions for gastroparesis presented to new pos and chest pain radiating to his back and was sent to ED. He pain, and was admitted for PNA and C. Diff. He states that he similar to previous bouts of gastroparesis. He denies missing in evening with sugars <200 almost always. He finished this AM. In ED, initial vitals were significant for BP 250/140 and hyperglycemia. Pt. had CT without contrast to assess for negative. No leukocytosis, CXR and U/A negative, blood cx. labetalol with improvement of his BPs and resolution of his available. As his sugars improved with insulin gtt and his his off insulin gtt since 3AM. He received 6U NPH 2h prior to non-exertional, with no radiation and associated with abdominal fevers or chills, though currently feels cold. # Type I DM, Insulin-requiring, x 16 years, currently seen at - Diabetic gastroparesis (per patient, has had motility studies - Diabetic neuropathy and retinopathy # HTN # Thrombocytopenia NOS (resolving) # Schizophrenia # CAD with CHF, EF nadir 25%, now improved to 50-55% on last Recently relocated from NH to , where he is living with to heavy drinking x 1 year about age 27. + Marijuana but no IV drug use. +DM in sister, brother, father, and mother. Sister: died from diabetic complications schizophrenia. Physical Exam: Vitals: T 97.1, BP 144/80 in R, 148/76 in L. HR 98, RR 16, O2 General: pale, thin man, shivering under covers, moaning HEENT: PERRL, EOMI, OP clear, poor dentition, MMM CV: RRR, no MRGs, no reproducible chest wall tenderness Chest: CTAB, no wheezes, crackles Abdomen: soft, ND, very mild TTP, to left of umbilicus without Extremities: 2+ DPs, no C/C/E Neuro: CN II- XII intact, nl strength, sensation to LT. Pertinent Results: dated . There is patchy and somewhat nodular airspace anterior and apical segments, new. The lungs are otherwise silhouette and pulmonary vessels are unchanged. ECG: NSR with ST elevations ~ 1mm in V1-V3 c/w early previous, v2-v3, sl. increased from priors. Brief Hospital Course: sx. and DKA likely medication nonadherence. Pt c/o chest renal failure after cardiac catheterization to further towards baseline. Compliance with treatment plan and frustrated with his long hospital stay, he does not take active DKA: The patient originally presented with hyperglycemia. No closed quickly with IVFs and insulin gtt. He was quickly His blood sugars were difficult to control throughout his proceedures. He was followed by the diabetes consult him with NPH and a sliding scale was discussed, but the patient Innolet disc and would not be able to draw up syringes. He will . Hypoglycemia/Hypothermia: after receiving full insulin dose episode of hypoglycemia, confusion, diaphoresis, hypothermia to ICU for monitoring, but once his glucose was corrected, the transferred back to the floor the following day. N/V/abd pain: This was thought secondary to his known He was started on RTC antiemetics and pain control as needed. He assess his abd pain as it was both LUQ, epigastric and showed a thickend esophagus. He was evaluated with an EGD which of which were though to be due to gastroparesis and reflux. His a liquid diet to facilitate the resolution of the bezoar and Pathology showed...Per GI consult recomendation, erythmocyin was IV erythromycin has limited effect due to tachyphylaxis. In became bradycardic. Chest Pain: In the ED, a CT was negative for dissection. He was floor who felt that given his numerous risk factors he should MIBI was performed, during which he had chest pain - although he exercise achieved (only 37% of age-predicted maximum), there (38%) and global hypokinesis. He then received a dobutamine 15 mcg/kg/min. The blood pressure response to stress was regional left ventricular systolic dysfunction with hypokinesis heart rate 68 bpm, blood pressure 210/100 mmHg), there was there was also concerning LV ballooning and inducible ishemia. and was kept in house for cardic catheterization. The discussed prior to cardiac catheterization. The patient decided catheterization did not demonstrate significant coronary artery his medication doses were adjusted as indicated. EGD the cause of his chest pain. Given a h/o allergy to lidocaine, sucralfate. He will f/u with GI. His PPI was changed to . Anemia: He has a baseline anemia due to CKD. The patient shots had been started where not currently being administered. remained stable at 28 and then rose again. He was guiac bleeding. Because of the this HCT drop and because defered until his HCT stabilized. Pt was then started on Procrit . HTN: Uncontrolled while hospitalized, partly because not hospital course. His valsartan and BB were uptitrated to renal failure. His beta-blocker was limited by bradycardia in and he will take this in patch form. Acute on chronic renal failure: The creatinine remained at catheterization and after having received adquate hydration, 3.3. IT weas thought to be secondary to contraste dye versus ranitidine. He was seen by the renal consult team and will see Aspirin 81 mg Daily Valsartan 160 mg Daily Erythromycin 250 mg QIDACHS Amlodipine 10 mg once a day Senna prn Chromagen Forte (w/Sumalate) once a day Tramadol 50 mg Q6H prn recently course of flagyl for C. Diff. 1. Aspirin 81 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. 2. Amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). :*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Tramadol 50 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 4. Multivitamin,Tx-Minerals Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO 5. Atorvastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 6. Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 7. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 8. Procrit 10,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: () units :*30 doses* Refills:*2* 9. Sucralfate 1 gram Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times :*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 10. Ranitidine HCl 150 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY :*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 11. Valsartan 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). :*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 12. Clonidine 0.3 mg/24 hr Patch Weekly Sig: One (1) Patch :*12 Patch Weekly(s)* Refills:*2* 13. Clonidine 0.1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) for 3 doses: take one tablet twice a day and then :*3 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* hct and chem 7 and please fax to attention Dr. 15. Glucose Meter, & Strips Kit Sig: One (1) kit :*1 1* Refills:*2* Please provide glucometer test strips for the patient with 6 17. Novolin 70/30 InnoLet 100 unit/mL (70-30) Insulin Pen Sig: as directed Subcutaneous twice a day: 8 units in the AM :*QS QS* Refills:*10* 18. Toprol XL 50 mg Tablet Sustained Release 24 hr Sig: Three (3) Tablet Sustained Release 24 hr PO once a day: 150mg daily. :*90 Tablet Sustained Release 24 hr(s)* Refills:*2* Home With Service Facility: Primary Diagnosis: DKA Hypertension Esophagitis Cardiomyopathy Stable; improved blood sugar, blood pressure, tolerating POs. You were admitted to the hospital with nausea, vomiting and gastroparesis, esophagitis and gastritis. You had biopsies taken gastroenterologist to follow up on these results. We increased gastritis. We gave you nausea medication and pain medication and should eat small frequent meals with a low residual diet. It gastritis resolves. You also had chest pain while you were hospitalized. Your blood heart disease a stress test was performed. It showed that you was negative for significant disease. You had acute kidney failure and were seen by the kidney effect (pantoprazole) and possibly the cardiac catheterization . sugar, blood pressure and cardiac risk factors. You should stop . week. You do not need to go to the lab unless the VNA is unable . medical appointments to follow but if you do not keep these health is very important and is a full time job and we will help . pain, shortness of breath, fevers, chills, or high blood sugars. the emergency room. Followup Instructions: you or you contact them. should see him next week. Urology: , MD Phone: Date/Time: 4:10 *Provider: , Clinic ( . Provider: , Gastroenterology ( 4:00pm , Primary Care Provider: (Dr. schedule currently not , thursday at 2:30pm () Provider: . , cardiology ( 8:00am
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: EGD History of Present Illness: dysfunction with LVEF 55%, CHF, past HTN, cirrhosis with portal noted a Hct drop to 18 from baseline in mid-30s during routine . leg edema with more SOB & fatigue while at heart failure clinic. drawn today and when Hct drop, he was instructed by cardiologist . 2UPRBC, 2 units FFP, guaiac positive, but NG lavage negative. GI esophagus and normal C-scope recently. Given his history of CLL, . He reports increased lethargy, LHD, dizzyness over past 5 days. dietary indiscretion, chest pain, changes in meds. 1. Hypertension 3. Seasonal allergies 5. Dental abscess 7. CLL: in remission Significant for no tobacco usage, significant alcohol usage. He withdrawals or delirium tremens. Family History: Vitals: 98.3 94 103/46 17 100%3LNC General: Awake, alert, NAD. HEENT: + JVD, no LAD, moist oral mucose. Pulmonary: Lungs CTA bilaterally Cardiac: irregular rate and rhytm, holosystolic murmur Abdomen: obese, soft, NT/ND, normoactive bowel sounds, liver ~ 2 cm below costal border; no asterixis Back: no pain on palpation Extremities: 2+ edema LE Neuro: slightly flat affect Skin: mild scleral icterus, mild jaundice EKG: afib, nl axis, nl intervals, TWI I, II, L, F,V3-6 (old); EGD: 1 cords of grade II varix was seen in the middle third lower esophagus but no significant varices in lower esophagus. C-scope: Normal colon to cecum and terminal ileum. Hospital course by problem: # Anemia: Suspect GIB as guaiac positive on exam and has hx of varices banded just in case. Received 2u FFP, 5u pRBCs and HCT hemolysis. His hematocrit remained stable stable until consulted. They felt his anemia was due to a combination of possibly a very small chronic GI bleed. After discharge from the advised to stop drinking immediately. # CLL: followed by Dr. , who had been aware of anemia and Previous hemolysis w/u has been negative and remained so now. at this time as it would not change management. He will follow . # Diastolic Dysfunction/CHF: Appeared volume overloaded on edema. His CHF meds were held initially in the setting of a GI response. A repeat echo showed mild LVH, preserved EF. He began and Spironolactone to the point were he was able to ambulate will follow up with his cardiologist for further management. . # EtOH cirrhosis: His EtOH level was 29 on admission. He stated nadolol were initially held out of concern for a GIB but were immediately, a plan to which he agrees. He will follow up with . # Afib on coumadin: His coumadin was initially held and no bleeding was found. His INR was therapeutic prior to digoxin. # CAD: His ASA was initially held but then restarted after the of being on both ASA and coumadin given his risk for GI bleed. . # ARF: His creatinine was 1.9 on admission with a baseline of resolved after fluid resucitation with blood. FULL CODE ASA 81 Lasix 80 (increaased 10 days ago from 40 ) Digoxin 0.25 daily Nadolol 20 daily aldactone 50 mg daily 1. Pravastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 2. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One 3. Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 4. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 5. Furosemide 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 6. Digoxin 250 mcg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 7. Nadolol 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 8. Spironolactone 25 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 9. Warfarin 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 10. Lisinopril 5 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 11. Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) Discharge Disposition: Primary: Cirrhosis Hypertension Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: may have been due to a small amount of bleeding, your current blood transfusions, and your blood count was stable therefater. your esophagus blocked off. We did not make any changes to your medications. You should stop drinking alcohol altogether. It is worsening blood cells. You should follow up with your primary care doctor, hepatologist Adhere to 2 gm sodium diet Please schedule appointments with your primary care doctor and clinic. Dr. (Hepatology) will contact you soon about setting up a Provider: . Phone: Date/Time: 3:00
