Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MED HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 41-year-old mental retardation who presented to the Emergency Room with a shaking. The patient has a longstanding seizure disorder, by have been relatively well controlled for the past year up to unresponsiveness thought to be a postictal state. He was Neurology at that time for questioned seizure activity. His b.i.d. to 2,000 b.i.d. On the morning of admission, the patient was found by EMS to felt that he again was having an asthmatic exacerbation. He . At , he was noted to have some right arm shaking, which and was placed on propofol. He was also noted to have some PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Seizure disorder. Anoxic brain injury. Asthma. Depression. Fetal alcohol syndrome. Cervical fracture. FAMILY HISTORY: No seizure disorders. SOCIAL HISTORY: Lives in group home with 24 hour 1. Depakote 500 mg p.o. t.i.d. 3. Valium 5 mg p.o. b.i.d. 5. Celexa 40 mg p.o. q d. 7. Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. ALLERGIES: Phenobarbital, phenytoin, penicillin, Haldol. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Vital signs: Temperature 100.0, heart vent assist control/650/20/5 on 85 percent, not overbreathing, PIP-31. General: Intubated, sedated male, appearing slightly rigid. HEENT: Pupils were 2 cm minimally reactive to light. Lungs: Expiratory wheezes bilaterally. Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm. No murmurs, rubs or gallops. Abdomen: Soft, nontender, nondistended, normoactive bowel sounds. Extremities: No cyanosis, clubbing or edema, Neurological: The patient was sedated, but would withdraw to HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the Medical Respiratory: The patient was continued on q.i.d. albuterol successfully extubated the following day. Admission arterial the patient actually had asthmatic exacerbation. He was this was discontinued the following day. He appeared stable discharge. He did not have an AA gradient. Neurological: A Neurology consult was obtained at the time movements and since the patient's group home representatives unclear whether or not the patient was actually having Ativan. His outpatient regimen of seizure medications was Neurontin. The patient had no obvious seizure activity during was obtained by the Neurology service, which was consistent Levels of valproate were measured and found to be within Mental Status: The patient was initially fairly somnolent. more alert. A representative from the patient's group home was at his baseline. The patient was able to eat and take his CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE STATUS: To group home. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Mental retardation. Seizure disorder. Asthma. Depression. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: No changes were made to the patient's MEDQUIST36 D: 16:25:00 T: 17:08:11 Job#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NME REASON FOR ADMISSION: Seizures. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a 56 year old former oligodendroglioma which was picked up in by initial abnormalities were in the right temporal and right callosum. He had generalized tonic-clonic seizures shortly treated initially with Antineoplaston in and finally to to see Dr. in , and Because of lack of response to this, whole brain radiation appears to have been on chronic steroids since when starting the temozolomide. He was admitted to on for an intracranial changes ultimately. He also was noted to have a leg abscess consultation. To address the hypotension, steroid doses were time, he was on Lamictal but because a rash on the chest was because the level was subtherapeutic. He had a seizure and Keppra, Dilantin, and Depakote. He was seen on by Dr. in neuro-oncology and his Dilantin to Topamax. The plan at that visit was to was readmitted from to with narcotics, and also a few seizures, although I do not know monitoring, during which he did have some subclinical brief artifact at the same time, which was fairly atypical on increased Keppra, Topamax, and Dilantin. He was then readmitted on for increased seizure was falling down and sent to Hospital. A persistent right middle and right lower lobe infiltrate, level was low upon admission and it appears that it has not 1. Oligodendroglioma, status post Antineoplaston treatment 2. Generalized and complex partial seizures, requiring 3. Infertility. chemotherapy. 6. History of recent C-diff colitis and pneumonia. ALLERGIES: Sulfa and Lamictal. MEDICATIONS UPON ADMISSION: 2. Dexamethasone 3 mg p.o. b.i.d. 4. Docusate 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. 6. Florinef 0.1 mg p.o. q.day. 8. Heparin 5,000 units subcu t.i.d. 10. Keppra 2,000 mg p.o. b.i.d. 12. Protonix 40 mg p.o. q.day. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient formerly worked as an , is on staff at in the division of cardiology. FAMILY HISTORY: His parents are alive and well. His mother EXAMINATION UPON ADMISSION: GENERAL: He is an ill-appearing pressure was 120/74, heart rate 92, O2 sat 95 percent on room HEAD & NECK: Normocephalic, atraumatic. He has alopecia. carotid bruits. CARDIOVASCULAR: Regular rate and rhythm. CHEST: Lungs revealed some decreased breath sounds at the ABDOMEN: Soft and nontender. EXTREMITIES: No edema or rashes. MENTAL STATUS: He was inattentive and extremely abulic. He intact in that he spoke in full sentences coherently, but his appropriately about biographical information and orientation repeat. CRANIAL NERVES: He appeared to be neglecting the left hemi- normally to light. Extraocular movements were full without tongue and the palate were midline. The patient spent most MOTOR: Again, this was difficult due to the patient's tone was increased in the whole left hemi-body.; There extension of the arms, the left drops more rapidly than the during which leaving the limb in front of the patient's field better than without making his arm more apparent to him. He Coordination was thought to be somewhat more ataxic on the weakness alone, however. Reflexes were trace throughout and bilaterally. Sensation was intact to noxious stimulus in all 1. SEIZURES: The patient was admitted to the neurology valproic acid level was 37 upon admission and, as last several months. The previous recent medical pneumonia were thought to be the exacerbating factors for not clear that these were acute issues upon this well as Depakote, he was having at least two to three mainly consisted of right gaze deviation with some be tonic contracture of the right arm. During the brief not responsive to any commands. After these episodes, he remained fairly encephalopathic for the majority of the in part due to poor seizure control, and potentially significant metabolic or toxic abnormalities. He also did for this. Around the fifth hospital day, it was decided to increase his Depakote were still not making his appeared to be again more sleepy initially with a question done on the day of initiation of phenobarbital did show temporal regions. The extended EEG recording on this day seizure during the recording, and the EEG did not look the presence of what was thought to be a twitching slow and low voltage. He had periodic lateralized various times, which are fairly persistent. Because it was felt that the patient was extremely to improve his encephalopathy, an attempt at aggressive Neuro ICU for intubation and loading with I.V. phenobarbital extended EEGs throughout this course and again showed the Hz of spike and slow wave, which did not change whenever the seizure, for example facial twitching on one-half of the I.V. phenobarbital, the patient did not appear to have any brought up to a range of between high 20s and mid-30's. His level of 50. Meanwhile, he stayed on the same doses of successfully extubated. He was again transferred back to the questions, albeit answering in short phrases but usually In terms of following simple motor commands, he was able to left after an extended delay, which we interpreted as abulia, questions, which eventually were correct and showed clearly not much spontaneous motor activity, with the exception of nasogastric tube. He remained fairly slow, but usually with decided at this point that the Keppra should be tapered in patient. This was slowly tapered starting from 2 grams p.o. this point, he is on Keppra 1250 mg p.o. b.i.d. The patient Keppra while the phenobarbital and Depakote were kept on questions regarding orientation. He is also able to eat. He is also able to appropriately answer questions that the upcoming placement of a gastrostomy tube, he was able to anesthetic they would use. Again, he is rather abulic and spontaneous motor activity. He does seem to be more awake at 1. ANEMIA: The patient had a baseline anemia with a were checked and this was consistit with an anemia of 1. FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION: The patient was fed , the patient had a percutaneous endoscopically service. Instructions will be to restart tube feeds if The patient was able to eat soft foods and required have a lack of motivation to perform the motor activity of still be at some risk for aspiration, given that he majority of food items. They recommended a pureed diet patient could enjoy an oral diet, but that the gastrostomy a reliable means of administering critical medications 1. HISTORY OF RECENT C-DIFF COLITIS: The patient did not has finished his course of Flagyl. His liver function was checked for C-diff again on and this was resistant enterococcus. 1. OLIGODENDROGLIOMA: The patient's neuro-oncologist was especially with regard to selection of anticonvulsants. again because of the patient's history of a possible usage of phenobarbital, even though family initially sedating. It was felt that the main goal was seizure significant effect on the EEG recording, seemed to put a which was mainly complex partial in nature. With regard the most recent MRI of compared with an MRI in diffuse flare hyperintensities present throughout the it was felt that the tumor was infiltrating even further corpus callosum, both anteriorly and posteriorly. There hemisphere and the left medial temporal lobe. These were thought to be less hyperintense than this MRI in , which showed progressive infiltrative involving the right frontal and parietal lobes. As - , and this showed no had appeared to be having a lot of clinical seizure discussed with Dr. and the Decadron was increased treat for potentially any mass effect that would have been patient is now in the process of having the Decadron DISPOSITION/PLAN: It was discussed extensively with the patient would be going back to Rehab in , and recovered enough to the point that he could return home, hospice services. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: epileptiform discharges. 1. Right-sided anaplastic oligodendroglioma with infiltration 2. Adrenal insufficiency. 4. History of CRE colonization. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: b.i.d. every three days, and therefore the next change 2. Divalproex sodium 1125 mg p.o. b.i.d. 4. Lansoprazole 30 mg per G-tube q.day. 6. Artificial tears 1 to 2 drops o.u. p.r.n. 8. Fludrocortisone 0.1 mg p.o. q.day. 10. Docusate 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. 12. Tylenol p.r.n. I.V. q.8 hours, which should be finished by the time he FOLLOW UP PLANS: The patient should follow up with his neuro- with his primary care physician. . and have MEDQUIST36 D: 21:40:14 T: 23:54:22 Job#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROLOGY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Endotracheal Intubation with successful extubation Mr. is a 56-year-old right-handed man with history of transferred from an outside hospital, intubated for multiple up and felt that he might have a seizure soon because he had the he felt that he was going to have a seizure, the patient took an Depakote. Usually, he takes 500 mg 3 times per day, but that morning, he took 1000 mg and he went back to sleep. At 7:30 in felt confused and somewhat disoriented. He felt the urge to was time, his wife gave him another 500 mg of Depakote. So, by 7:30 in the morning, he had taken 1500 mg of Depakote. At 8:15, Mr. states that his upper and lower extremities were both rigid incontinence. After the seizure ended, he was confused for seizure, he made a yelping sound, which is typical before a about 9 o'clock, he had another seizure. Again, his upper and seizure lasted about 30 seconds and he was confused for 5 biting, no urinary incontinence. He then slept for about 4 seizure, same as the prior two. This one lasted about 1-1/2 His wife called 911. By the time, EMS arrived, the seizure had or so. In the ambulance, the patient had a generalized valium. When he arrived at Hospital ED, he was agitated outside hospital documentation, this patient is reported to attempted to obtain a non-contrast head CT. However, he was too continued to be combative. At that time, he was intubated for also given 4 mg of IV Ativan, 1000 mg of fosphenytoin, 2 g of His valproic acid level at Hospital was 97. He was on the way over, they ran out of propofol, so he was given 4 mg off propofol, so no attempt was made at extubation, and he was Tylenol. Overnight, there was concern for an infectious process. results of CSF coming back, he was empirically started on for HSV. He had a chest x-ray, which did not show pneumonia and was turned off for agitated; however, he was alert, awake and following commands. history. She said that Mr. has had cold and has been subjective fevers and chills. He has not had a productive cough She said that at baseline, he drinks about margaritas daily the setting of feeling unwell. In terms of his seizure history, he had his first seizure at has not been tried on any other anti epileptics. His seizures had 3 seizures. His last seizure was 1 year ago and was in the has been taking his medications regularly. He does not ever Seizure disorder, Hypertension, Depression Worked as contractor in construction, but has not been working for many years since he was a teenager. Alcohol, drinks 2-3 Illicits: Smokes marijuana daily. Has 5 siblings. None of them have seizure. stroke or MI. ADMISSION EXAM: Vitals: T: 100.3 P: 95 R: 12 BP: 127/89 SaO2: 100% on 40% General: intubated, right after off propofol, patient can track HEENT: ETT in place Neck: Supple, no carotid bruits appreciated. No nuchal rigidity Pulmonary: Lungs CTA bilaterally without R/R/W Cardiac: RRR, nl. S1S2, no M/R/G noted Abdomen: soft, ND, normoactive bowel sounds, no masses or Extremities: No C/C/E bilaterally, 2+ radial, DP pulses Skin: no rashes or lesions noted. Neurologic: -Mental Status: patient can track the voice, nod his head, but -Cranial Nerves: I: Olfaction not tested. II: PERRL 1.5 to 1mm and brisk. III, IV, VI: unable to test V: unable to test VII: unable to assess with ETT in place VIII: unable to assess IX, X: per nursing report, gag intact XII: unable to assess with ETT in place -Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. Spontaneous movement of -Sensory: withdraws somewhat to pain Tri Pat Ach R 1 1 1 1 0 -Coordination: unable to assess -Gait: Deferred DISCHARGE EXAM: General: Awake, cooperative, NAD. HEENT: NC/AT Neck: Supple, no carotid bruits appreciated. No nuchal rigidity Pulmonary: CTABL Cardiac: RRR, no murmurs Abdomen: soft, nontender, nondistended Extremities: no edema, pulses palpated Skin: no rashes or lesions noted. Neurologic: -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history repetition and comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no frequency objects. Able to read without difficulty. Speech was commands. The pt. had good knowledge of current events. There -Cranial Nerves: I: Olfaction not tested. II: PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. VFF to confrontation. Funduscopic III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus. Normal saccades. V: Facial sensation intact to light touch. VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally. IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically. XII: Tongue protrudes in midline. -Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. No asterixis Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA EDB R 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 -Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick, cold sensation, DSS. Tri Pat Ach R 2 1 1 2 1 -Coordination: No intention tremor, no dysdiadochokinesia noted. -Gait: Per PT/OT - Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride Pertinent Results: 05:00AM BLOOD WBC-7.8 RBC-4.09* Hgb-12.8* Hct-38.0* 05:00AM BLOOD Plt Ct-189 05:00AM BLOOD Glucose-95 UreaN-7 Creat-0.9 Na-139 K-3.8 09:35AM BLOOD CK(CPK)-9452* 05:00AM BLOOD CK(CPK)-7728* 05:00AM BLOOD CK-MB-11* MB Indx-0.3 cTropnT-0.03* 09:35AM BLOOD cTropnT-0.02* 02:03AM BLOOD Albumin-3.9 Calcium-8.2* Phos-2.4* Mg-1.9 09:35AM BLOOD Calcium-9.0 Phos-3.4 Mg-1.9 05:00AM BLOOD Valproa-51 02:03AM BLOOD Phenyto-5.0* Valproa-78 06:27AM BLOOD Lactate-2.6* 09:13PM BLOOD Glucose-96 Lactate-3.7* Na-133 K-6.0* FINDINGS: There is no evidence of infarction, hemorrhage, structures. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and Bilateral mastoid air cells are clear. There are mucosal likely representing intubation. There is mucosal thickening 1. No evidence of hemorrhage or infarction. sinuses as well as secretions within the nasal cavity likely activations. The initial diffuse beta activity and background possibly due to medication effect, e.g. propofol, or waking background was improved to Hz indicating mild epileptiform discharges. Brief Hospital Course: seizure disorder, hypertension and depression who was after having multiple seizures. # Neuro: home and 1 GTCs on ambulance ride to the hospital. At OSH, he he had an upper respiratory tract infection for the last week negative for pneumonia, urinary tract infection, meningitis (see the patient usually drinks 2-3 margaritas daily but has not seizure was triggered by infection versus alcohol withdrawal. imaging with an MRI at this time or to adjust his home have any epileptiform activity. Dilantin was tapered off slowly Release PO BID. # Cardiac: Was monitored on telemetry and did not have any Due to BP increases to 180s, Hydralazine IV was administered of likely alcohol withdrawl given his history of hard liquor initiated and his lisinopril was increased to 30mg qDay with hospitalization. # ID: Patient had a temperature to 101.6 in the ED. He was meningitis dosing. Chest x-ray with no pneumonia. UA with no Leukocytosis most likely in the setting of seizure and and # Pulmonary: Was intubated prior to transfer. Extubated without # RENAL: Cr was 1.3 on admission and CK peaked at ~9000. In hydration. # PSYCH: Social work was consulted on Mr. for the which was approximately 2-3 days after his last drink where he some tremor. He was placed on CIWA protocol which improved his 180s. Social work noted there was no bed available for the option of taking a short course of ativan home for not drink over the course of the four days between discharge and -Code status: Full code - Depakote Delayed Release 500 mg - Citalopram 40 mg daily 1. Divalproex (DELayed Release) 500 mg PO BID 2. Metoprolol Succinate XL 100 mg PO DAILY 3. Azithromycin 250 mg PO Q24H following 4 days. Tablet Refills:*0 4. Guaifenesin mL PO Q6H:PRN sore throat / cough (6) hours Disp #*1 Bottle Refills:*0 6. Lorazepam 1 mg PO Q4H:PRN sweating, palpations Duration: 4 RX *lorazepam 1 mg 1 tablet(s) by mouth every four (4) hours for most every 8 hours for days Disp #*24 Tablet Refills:*0 hold sbp <100 Refills:*0 Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. You were admitted to the ICU of for seizures which lasted an abnormal length of time, for protection of your airway; with improvement of your further monitored in our ICU then general floor with continuous epileptiform discharges. Please continue your Depakote Delayed Release twice a day as your sinus infection. Please complete your course of antibiotic services and a course of medication to help bridge your care medication as necessary for the next four days. It is medication. Followup Instructions: 2:45pm You will also see Drs. and on the fourth . If you have any problems in the meantime, please call them at
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 33-year-old by a seizure disorder who presents with a left hip fracture after approximately one year prior to admission. After this disorder. He was treated with Dilantin. Shortly before his admission, the Dilantin was discontinued. tonic-clonic seizure complicated by a left-sided hip reduction/internal fixation of his left hip. Following this and he experienced chest pressure. Of note, this occurred experienced sinus tachycardia and hypotension, as well as following which he experienced a ventricular fibrillation normal sinus rhythm. An initiation transesophageal echocardiogram demonstrated He was admitted to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit and was improved his pulmonary edema, but he experienced hypotension Ancef for six days during his Intensive Care Unit stay. The Cardiology and Electrophysiology Services were consulted arrest was most likely due to his receiving adenosine. He seizure prophylaxis. He was also started on Lovenox for postoperative day two. His blood pressure remained low, postoperative day five was clinically stable. A transthoracic echocardiogram performed on postoperative day was noted to be 45%. On postoperative day six, he was for further workup. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: fractures and a pulmonary embolus requiring an inferior vena 2. Seizure disorder. 4. Left eye blindness. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Medications at home included 1. Zofran 2 mg to 4 mg q.4h. as needed. 3. Keppra 500 mg by mouth twice per day. 5. Famotidine 20 mg by mouth twice per day. 7. Dilaudid 2 mg to 4 mg by mouth q.3-4h. as needed. 9. Colace 100 mg by mouth twice per day. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY: No tobacco, ethanol, or drugs. FAMILY HISTORY: Family history was noncontributory. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION: Physical examination Fahrenheit, his heart rate was 80, his blood pressure was saturation was 97% on 2 liters. In general, the patient was eyes, ears, nose, and throat examination revealed the pupils The extraocular movements were intact. The sclerae were rate and rhythm. No murmurs, rubs, or gallops. The lungs or rales. Extremities were warm and well perfused. No clean, dry, intact, and nontender. The abdomen was nontender Neurologic examination was nonfocal. PERTINENT LABORATORY VALUES ON PRESENTATION: Laboratories hematocrit was 37.7, and his platelets were 347. Chemistry-7 Urine cultures were no growth to date. Catheter tip cultures PERTINENT RADIOLOGY/IMAGING: A chest x-ray revealed ejection fraction of 45%. CONCISE SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE BY ISSUE/SYSTEM: 1. CARDIOVASCULAR ISSUES: The patient was noted to be intravenous Lasix to improve his pulmonary edema. 2. NEUROLOGIC ISSUES: The patient's dose of Keppra was recommendations). The patient showed no signs of seizure 3. ORTHOPAEDIC ISSUES: The patient was continued on consultations were obtained. The patient received Dilaudid 4. FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION ISSUES: The patient's diet. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharge status was to home with CONDITION AT DISCHARGE: Condition on discharge was good. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: 2. Hypoxia. 1. Keppra 1000 mg by mouth twice per day. 3. Colace 100 mg by mouth twice per day. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS/FOLLOWUP: The patient was instructed the office of Dr. to schedule an orthopaedic MEDQUIST36 D: 14:33 T: 15:51 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: CHIEF COMPLAINT: Increased seizures and fever. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a 48-year-old male with seizure disorder. The patient was in his usual state of his outpatient physician's office. He was also okay on the seizure, and this seizure repeated later in the day. tonic-clonic motions and gave 5 mg of Valium intravenously unresponsive after the seizure. He was taken to culture was done, and the patient was started on positive. He was than transferred to because of lack of bed space and because he patient's oxygen saturation was 99%. He had a slightly low temperature was 102. He was covered empirically for pressure of 72 was noted. The patient was given intravenous up to 7.5 and then weaned off as soon as he got to the Emergency Room, however, his abdomen was noted to "rigid." intussusception of the duodenum into the jejunum without colon. Therefore, Surgery got involved and recommended total of 4.5 liters of fluid in the Emergency Room. He mental status, headache, and nausea, and vomiting. Head CT Medical Intensive Care Unit. These were Clostridium the Medical Intensive Care Unit was 100.3. The patient's negative cerebrospinal fluid samples, and this was continued Intensive Care Unit, he was continued on his anti-seizure noted. He had no seizures while in the Medical Intensive 1. Tuberous sclerosis with angiomyolipomas of the kidney, 2. Hypertension. 4. History of increased NH4. per week, up to every other day. food at them, attributed to Lamictal. summaries. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient lives at a group home. His Reportedly, the patient wonders at the group home at sometimes English, and some made up words. He draws pictures functional status is poor. He has refused to wear a helmet, medications which have produced some sedation. The patient option. The patient's guardian is his brother. Phone number patient's father can be reached at . His primary neurologist is Dr. . FAMILY HISTORY: Not able to be obtained. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Valproic acid 750 mg p.o. t.i.d., b.i.d. in the Intensive Care Unit), Topamax 200 mg p.o. Tums 750 mg p.o. b.i.d., Miacalcin 1 spray q.d. alternating MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER: On transfer to the floor, the ceftriaxone 1 g q.24h., as well as Protonix 40 mg chloride 40 mEq. ALLERGIES: LAMICTAL causes agitation, NEURONTIN causes REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: Review of systems was not able to be LABORATORY DATA ON PRESENTATION: Laboratories on admission hematocrit 38.6, platelets of 135. Depakote level was 146.8. 21 monocytes. Urinalysis showed 115 ketones, was negative Laboratories also notable for a sodium of 134, a potassium RADIOLOGY/IMAGING: The CT in the Emergency Department the left upper quadrant as well as angiomyolipomas in pneumonia, and a left adrenal mass 3.5 cm in dimension. Chest x-ray showed no free air and no infiltrate in the HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEM: On transfer to the floor, the hematocrit and platelet count. 1. INFECTIOUS DISEASE: The patient was continued on his decrease in white cells to 3 from an initial greater than 50, urine culture results, however, showed a Pseudomonas cefotaxime. The patient was therefore switched to 10-day course of this antibiotic. Note that the one dose of apparently caused substantial reduction of his urine white count, and this course should be sufficient to cover 2. GASTROINTESTINAL: After the patient's abdominal rigidity Medicine clinically given the intussusception shown on CT. periodically tense when palpate. He tolerated p.o. discontinued, and he had increased alertness. At discharge questionable history of gastritis. However, his hematocrit red blood per rectum or melena, and his initial decline in administration in the Emergency Room. At one point, the patient's father indicated he thought his was tolerating p.o. well enough that the team did not feel it esophagogastroduodenoscopy or barium swallow. 3. HEMATOLOGY: Throughout his stay, the patient had a low stable. Consideration was made for DIC; however, were also negative. Iron studies showed an anemia of chronic suppression related to his antiepileptics; however, he had none of them were causing acute bone marrow suppression. In been declining rather slowly since , and that his Therefore, a workup was deferred as an outpatient. A B12 and requires outpatient Hematology/Oncology follow up to evaluate count declined from the 20s to a normal range of 5 during his 4. NEUROLOGY: Per Neurology curbside opinion, his Trileptal also covered through the acute febrile phase of his illness illness had largely resolved. The patient had no seizures Unit, and no changes were contemplated for his antiseizure 5. MUSCULOSKELETAL: The patient's father indicated he examination, the patient had full range of motion of both was manipulated, he grimaced to nearly any physical clinically. If there is further evidence that something is an outpatient. 6. LABORATORY: Laboratory results were notable for a infection. Hemoglobin and hematocrit have remained stable in actually improved on the day of discharge. Platelet count Coagulation studies were sent with a question of DIC given with a PT of 13, a PTT of 34.9, and an INR of 1.2. D-dimer minimal elevation. Fibrinogen was sent; this was 611, which was low at 0.8. Urinalyses were nitrite negative. Large catheter with the balloon inflated; however, the white count Cerebrospinal fluid showed 0 white blood cells, 0 red blood for slightly low potassium which was repleted, and a mild 15, which resolved with feeding. At discharge, anion gap was reasons, the patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction creatine kinases were 0.3 to 0.8 and 109 to 159, discharge. Iron was 32. B12 and folate were pending. TIBC Transferrin was 155. Repeat valproic acid level was 82. pending. Clostridium difficile assay was negative. Sputum no growth to date. CONDITION AT DISCHARGE: Condition on discharge was stable. DISCHARGE FOLLOWUP: Follow up with the patient's primary Followup should be initiated with Hematology to evaluate his here should be reviewed. His questionable odynophagia and 1. Pseudomonas urinary tract infection. 3. Mental retardation. 5. Anemia. 7. Seizure disorder. 1. Depakote 750 mg p.o. t.i.d. 3. Trileptal 675 mg p.o. b.i.d. nostrils. 6. Multivitamin p.o. q.d. 8. Folate 1 mg p.o. q.d. 10. Ensure dietary supplements p.r.n. 12. Ciprofloxacin 500 mg p.o. b.i.d. times 10 days (nursing medication as it is required to treat his Pseudomonas urinary MEDQUIST36 D: 13:41 T: 14:43 JOB#: (cclist)
