Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Suboccipital Craniotomy for resection of cerebellar History of Present Illness: progressive right cerebellar meningioma. This meningioma has Clinic s/p Chemotherapy treatment. He presents now for Past Medical History: with watchful waiting - nephrolithiasis - hepatitis B - genital herpes - ocular migraine Social History: with wife and 13 daughter. -Tobacco history: 1 cigar daily for 5 yrs in his 30s. No other -ETOH: 3-4 beers per week plus hard drinks over the weekend -Illicit drugs: no cocaine or IVDU. Occasional ecstasy use. CAD in both grandfathers who died in their 60s testicular and Physical Exam: He is awake, alert, and oriented times 3. His language is intact. Cranial Nerve Examination: His pupils are equal and reactive to full. bilaterally. His tongue is midline. Palate goes up in the Motor Examination: He does not have a drift. His muscle normal. His reflexes are 2- bilaterally in the upper excepet for 0 reflexes at the elbows. His knee jerks are 2-. toes are down going. Sensory examination is intact to touch and Coordination examination does not reveal dysmetria. non focal. incision c/d/i, dissolvable sutures MRI Brain: IMPRESSION: Unchanged homogeneously enhancing consistent with a meningioma, no new lesions are identified Persistent mild effacement of the fourth ventricle and CT Head: IMPRESSION: Post-surgical changes related to meningioma Brain MRI: 1. 3.2 x 2.6 cm enhancing probable residual tumor in the cerebellar resection cavity. inferior right brain. Brief Hospital Course: meningioma and underwent a suboccipital craniotomy on . transfered to the ICU for Q1 hour neuro checks and systolic started on Dexamethasone 4mg Q6 and GI prophylaxis with remained neurologically stable overnight. On POD#1 he was he underwent an MRI which revealed subtotal resection as further treatment planning. On POD#2 he was again neurologically stable. His pain was diet and voiding without problem. His decadron was tapered and in agreement with this plan. Medications on Admission: Discharge Medications: 1. aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day: you 2. oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 3. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 4. senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 5. verapamil 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8H (every 8 6. quinidine gluconate 324 mg Tablet Extended Release Sig: One 7. cyclobenzaprine 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 8. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day): continue while on steroids. Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 9. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: taper Tablet PO taper for 5 days: 3mg Q8h , 2mg Q8h , 1mg Q8h , 1mg Q12h , 1mg Disp:*qs Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. Discharge Instructions: signs of infection. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You have dissolving sutures and you may wash your hair 3 days ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. You may restart your home dose of Aspirin 325mg ?????? If you are being sent home on steroid medication, make sure Protonix, or Pepcid), as these medications can cause stomach meals, or a glass of milk. your post-operative office visit. at home. FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: increasing redness, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ?????? You have an apointment in the Brain Clinic to be seen on number is . Please call if you need to change your
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: right temporal tumor resection History of Present Illness: intractable complex partial seizures. The patient has suffered has been tried on numerous medications, tonic-clonic seizures, but his complex partial seizures continue to hold on a job. He states he has had 10 separate jobs in the video-EEG monitoring and his case was presented at our epilepsy unilateral focus and we discussed extensively whether or not to temporal cavernous malformation, which was discovered on his approach. There is a right temporal focus to his seizures discuss his various options. 1. Generalized tonic clonic seizures -- started consciousness) 4. Hyponatremia Social History: software training group at . He has used up all his or work 3 weeks ago. He has a 15 y.o. son who is visits about half has a girlfriend who lives in , RI and works at . She visits regularly. No family history of seizures or other The patient is awake, alert, and fully oriented. pupils are equal and reactive to light. His extraocular palate are midline. Motor tone and bulk are normal. Strength is ambulates on a narrow base. He can turn on the dime. Romberg negative. Sensory exam is grossly intact. Coordination is incision c/d/i with staples in place Pertinent Results: 1. Evaluation of residual cavernoma is limited due to Suggest repeat study in four weeks to rule out any residual 2. No evidence of acute infarction or extensive hemorrhage Pt was admitted through the same day surgery department for the procedure without complication and was recovered in the ICU. acute hemorrhage or infarct. Post operative exam remained , patient was transferred to the floor and ambulating was discharged home on and should follow up with Dr. acetazolamide, omeprazole, citalopram, Lamictal, and zonisamide 1. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 2. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4H (every 4 Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 3. acetazolamide 250 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO Q12H (every 12 4. aripiprazole 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 5. citalopram 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 6. zonisamide 100 mg Capsule Sig: Three (3) Capsule PO BID (2 7. lamotrigine 100 mg Tablet Extended Rel 24 hr Sig: Three (3) 8. lamotrigine 100 mg Tablet Extended Rel 24 hr Sig: Four (4) 9. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO refer to instructions: Please take 2mg (1 tablet)Q8H on , then 1mg Disp:*QS Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. General Instructions ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. You may shower before your staples are removed using a shower ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in one week for removal of your calling . If you live quite a distance from our ??????Please call ( to schedule an appointment with Dr.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: L Crani for SDH evacuation 71 M who presented to the on with a traumatic and interval change. His follow up head CT at that time revealed a that revealed stable hematoma size. He returned on of significant midline shift. The patient was asymptomatic and to be monitored with serial imaging. Since discharge from clinic, the patient had begin to complain visual blurring and diplopia, the patient denied any other like activities. All other ros negative. He returned to clinic assessment of the diplopia. THe decision was made to evacuate Past Medical History: Hypertension Unknown Family History: Admission Exam: The patient is awake, alert, and appropropriate. He is oriented lateral gaze and the patient complained of increased diplopia on strength throughout. Sensation intact to LT. Normal gait. Patient is awake and alert x 3, his pupils are bilaterally wearing an eye patch of his left eye. He will follow up with drift, and he is full strength IMAGING: Head CT on compared to . There are no significant remain isodense though there remains a hyperdense component in MRA HEAD: Head MRA demonstrates normal flow signal within the anterior and posterior circulation. No evidence of vascular stenosis or an aneurysm greater than 3 mm in size is seen. IMPRESSION: No significant abnormalities on MRA of the head. LAB DATA: 11:26PM GLUCOSE-180* UREA N-20 CREAT-0.9 SODIUM-137 11:26PM WBC-7.8 RBC-4.81 HGB-16.0 HCT-43.3 MCV-90 05:10AM BLOOD %HbA1c-7.6* eAG-171* 05:10AM BLOOD CRP-2.3 Brief Hospital Course: for a thorough work up of his CN III and VI palseys; this levels (all WNL), and a neurology consult. There was no other than the possibility of mass effect from his SDH. He was, evacuation. The patient's neurologic examination remained day prior to transfer to the floor. Neuromedicine recommended neurology clinic within 72 hours. The patient was discharged glipizide 5/metformin 20, codfish oil, vitamin D, multivitamin, 1. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 3. Hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO Disp:*30 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 4. Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 5. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*120 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 6. Glipizide 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 7. Hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q 4-6 hours Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Cranial Nerve III, VI Palsey Stable - A&O x 3 General Instructions ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. not require blood work monitoring. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????You have dissolvable sutures, you do nto need suture removal , to be seen in weeks. ?????? You will need a follow up appointment in the appointment Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Right Craniotomy for evacuation of Subdural This is a pleasant 62 year old Left Handed male who and left arm weakness. He denies any recent trauma or falls. reports that the headache is about a on the pain scale and it as a dull aching sensation. He reports that he sought "droopiness". He had a head Ct which showed a acute on chronic consulted HTN, hypercholesterolemia, vitamin d deficiency Social History: recreational drugs, no smoke Family History: O: T: 98.0 BP: 124/60 HR: 55 R 14 O2Sats 100% RA Gen: WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT:atraumatic, normocephalic, eyes are clear, ears are clear, nasal passages are patet Pupils: 3-2 mm EOMs full Neck: Supple. Lungs: CTA bilaterally. Cardiac: RRR. S1/S2. Abd: Soft, NT, BS+ Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Neuro: Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal AOx3, PERRL 3-2mm, EOM intact, pt with slight tremors L>R, right facial droop at nasolabial fold, Left pronator drift Motor: LUE 4+/5, RUE , LLE bilaterally, Sensation: Intact to light touch intact No clonus, negative hoffmans On Discharge: improved weakness. Pt exhibiting a subtle left CT head - Right acute on chronic SDH (mainly chronic) right frontoparietal region with midline shift ~.9 cm, uncus Mr. was admitted to the Neurosurgery service to the ICU for held. On he underwent rightsided craniotomy for evacuation transferred to the ICU. Postop head CT demonstrated adequate and leftsided weakness improved to only a subtle left-sided rash of his face and upper middle chest, thought to be a drug for the remaining doses and was given a dose of benadryl. On small right periorbital/eyelid hematoma with ecchymosis awaited a floor bed. He was transferred to the regular floor on occupational therapy who felt that he was safe to return home. At the time of discharge he is tolerating a regulat diet, Aspirin Unknown sig 1 Tablet(s) Once Daily 1.5 Tablet(s) Twice Daily 1 Tablet(s) Once Daily 1 Capsule(s) Once Daily 2 Tablet(s) Once Daily 1 Tablet(s) Once Daily Unknown sig 1. lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 2. simvastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 3. cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) 1,000 unit Tablet Sig: One (1) 4. ascorbic acid 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 5. multivitamin Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 6. metoprolol tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO DAILY 7. oxycodone-acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 8. phenytoin 50 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: Two (2) Tablet, Disp:*180 Tablet, Chewable(s)* Refills:*0* 9. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO twice Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. Mental Status: Clear and coherent. General Instructions ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. ?????? You have been prescribed Dilantin (Phenytoin) for anti-seizure blood drawing in one week. This can be drawn at your PCP??????s ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days(from your date of the Nurse Practitioner. Please make this appointment by calling please make arrangements for the same, with your PCP. , to be seen in weeks.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Right sided craniotomy for tumor resection Mr. is a 66-year-old right-handed man with a resection who had an MRI with concern for tumor growth. He had tissue analysis. HLD Seizures Social History: ago). Drinks vodka nightly. Denies illicit drug use. Manages a Family History: (father, died at age 60). COPD (brother, died at age 65). On Admission: No neurologic deficits. Exam on Discahrge: Neurologically intact. Pertinent Results: Limited enhanced study for surgical planning, re-demonstrating enhancement, representing the known multifocal anaplastic Expected postoperative pneumocephalus, fluid, and subgaleal No Postoperative changes with surgical cavity with marginal blood Enhancement at the margin most likely appears to be meningeal effect or hydrocephalus seen. No evidence of acute infarct Mr. was admitted to and was taken to the OR with Dr. trasnfered to the SICU post-op. He had some LUE twitching and neurologically intact. CT head showed no significant hemorrhage. changes. patient was cleared by PT and discharged home. Medications on Admission: Synthroid 40 qd 1. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q 12hrs (). Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*1* 2. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*180 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 4. simvastatin 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 5. levothyroxine 112 mcg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 6. oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. General Instructions ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. ?????? If you have dissolvable sutures you may wash your hair and get this time using a shower cap to cover your head. sutures then you must wait until after they are removed to wash cover your head. medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking while taking narcotic pain medication. anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and ??????You have been discharged on Keppra (Levetiracetam), you will ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101.5?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days(from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the Nurse Practitioner. live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements will need to follow up in Brain clinic in weeks, Provider: , MD Phone: Date/Time: 3:00 Completed by:
