Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Classifier Attending: Right sided Motor seizures Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: History of Present Illness: right sided motor seizure while ridding her bike. CT revealed a High cholesterol, migraines Social History: 3 kids 16/19/22 Family History: Exam on Discharge: PERRL, EOMI strengths: t d b tr g ip q h at g ambulating with cane tolerating PO diet. No pain. Voiding without difficulty Pertinent Results: : Post operative CT: The patient is status post left in the left frontal lobe. There is postoperative pneumocephalus, mass, or mass effect outside of the surgical field. There are mastoid air cells are well pneumatized. IMPRESSION: Expected postoperative appearance, status post left craniotomy and mass resection. : MRI head: IMPRESSION: Status post resection of falx enhancement of the superior sagittal sinus is noted. Mild hydrocephalus. Head CT:IMPRESSION: Expected post-surgical changes as pneumocephalus. NOTE ADDED AT ATTENDING REVIEW: There has been a slight increase enough to produce mass effect, but continued close follow up is recommended. This information was paged to Dr. at 10:20 Head CT: IMPRESSION: Stable appearance of the brain with evidence of new abnormalities. EEG: pending. verbal preliminary report- slowing but no MRI head: pending Mrs. was admitted on to udergo an elective planning she was brought to the operating room. She was quite checks and blood pressure control, which only required and particularly with right extremity weakness particularly in her right lower extremity weakeness. Given the extensive edema that noted an improvement in her exam by POD #2. Post operative Head CT and MRI were stable, revealing post floor was written for on . PT and OT and were consulted and recommended discharge home with paresthesias that lasted a few minutes and left her right arm ordered and Keppra was increased to 1500mg . discontinued. Head CT was obtained prior to the EEG leads being attached. This On EEG monitoring was continued. her neurological exam slowing but no definitive seizure activity. At this time it was On she was again neurologically stable. MRI was completed She was cleared at this time for discharge home with outpatient Lipitor 10mg QD ? Protonix Discharge Medications: 1. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 2. Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO HS (at bedtime). 3. Oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. Famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. Atorvastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 6. Montelukast 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 7. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*180 Tablet(s)* Refills:*3* 8. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) Disp:*30 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: taper Tablet PO taper for 4 weeks: * 2 tabs Q6hrs * 2 tabs Q12hrs * tab Q12hrs Disp:*qs Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home with Service Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. General Instructions ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. should initially just use a mild shampoo or just water run over ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions/ ??????Please return to the office Next Thursday for removal of be made with the NP or PA. Please make this appointment by office, please make arrangements for the same, with your PCP. Dr. , to be seen in ___4____weeks. ?????? You have a Brain clinic appointment on at 9:30AM on 8. Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: craniectomy The patient came into the hospital for an elective craniectomy headaches Social History: non-contributory Physical Exam: Her sensation in her face and extremities is intact. She does CT Head : FINDINGS: Resection changes at the posterior atlas and inferior without evidence of hemorrhage. There is a large amount of as well as the near the site of occipital resection and brain midline structures. There is no evidence of infarction. The the foramen magnum. IMPRESSION: Post-craniectomy changes include a large amount of normally The patient went to the OR for an elective craniectomy and the to the ICU overnight. The patient had a significant amount of amount of pain the first night. After changing her antiemetic afternoon of post-op day#1 she was able to be transferred to the liquids on post-op day#2. She was voiding on her own and walked with her parents on post-op day#3. Discharge Medications: 1. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 2. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every 4-6 hours as needed for Pain: No driving while on narcotics. Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 4. Methocarbamol 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 Disp:*90 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. Zofran 4 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO every 6-8 hours as Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: office for follow up. You may remove it briefly for showering. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions surgery) for removal of your sutures and a wound check. This make this appointment by calling . If you live quite same, with your PCP. , to be seen in 3 months.
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Left Craniotomy for resection of intracranial mass He is divorced with 2 children. He works as a landscaper. He currently drink or smoke. He has 3 sisters, 2 of whom have a history of melanoma. One of ocular melanoma. Pertinent Results: TECHNIQUE: Limited MR imaging of the brain was performed with and multiplanar T1 post-contrast images, for surgical planning. vasogenic on the left lateral ventricle is redemonstrated for surgical by few millimeters is noted. Overall appearance is not products within this mass compared to the prior study. No other parenchyma. Post-operative Head CT(): Findings: The patient is status post resection of left frontal is pneumocephalus and marked persistent vasogenic edema. The high density at the periphery of the surgical bed, which likely not significantly changed from preoperative study. Post-operative MRI (): is an There are T1 evaluation for residual neoplasm. inferior aspect of the resected mass. This could represent a short-term followup imaging after resolution of blood products. subfalcine herniation to the right which is unchanged compared unchanged in size and configuration. There is slightly increased postoperative in nature. Flow voids are identified in the is a small focus of slow diffusion along the medial aspect of 07:13PM BLOOD WBC-9.4 RBC-4.18* Hgb-13.0* Hct-36.3* 07:13PM BLOOD PT-13.7* PTT-23.7 INR(PT)-1.2* 07:13PM BLOOD Glucose-230* UreaN-22* Creat-1.0 Na-132* 07:13PM BLOOD Calcium-9.2 Phos-4.8*# Mg-2.2 Labs on Discharge:: Mr. is a 54 y/o male who was diagnosed with metastatic craniotomy and resection of metastatic melanoma. Following 11 for neurosurgical observation. By he was diet. He was cleared for d/c by PT, and discharged to home is unknown 1. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*180 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 2. Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 4. Dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q8H (every 8 Disp:*6 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 5. Omeprazole 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) Disp:*30 Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 6. decadron Sig: One (1) mg every eight (8) hours for 2 days: Disp:*6 * Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: signs of infection. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, ?????? You may wash your hair only after sutures and/or staples have ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. as prescribed and follow up with laboratory blood drawing as ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days for removal of your ??????Please call ( to schedule an appointment with Dr. ??????You will need a CT scan of the brain without contrast. your hospital stay. schedule outpatient appointment for radiation therapy Completed by:
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: History of Present Illness: discontinuing antiseizure medications. Currently denies any cavernous malformation, benign neck tumor resection as a Social History: of abuse NC Physical Exam: Nonfocal On discharge: PERRL Face symmetrical Motor: full throughout Incision: c/d/i Pertinent Results: Status post right frontal craniotomy and resection of probable resection, with small amount of hemorrhage and pneumocephalus within the resection cavity. No large hemorrhage or evidence of nondependent portion of the brain overlying the frontal poles. MRI head : per nsurg read- small amount of blood in resection cavity, no 21 y/o F with R frontal cavernous malformation presents for malformation. Patient was taken to the OR on . OR course was monitoring. Post op head CT revealed pneumocephalus and normal op exam remained stable. On , patient reported slight neuro checks were decreased to Q2 hrs and foley was removed. She small amount of blood in resection cavity. On , patient discharged home to follow up with Dr. in 4 weeks with a Keppra Discharge Medications: 1. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 2. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 Disp:*50 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 3. levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 4. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO refer to other instructions for 4 days: Take 3mg(2.5 tablets) every 8 hrs tablet) every 8 hrs on , take 1mg ( tablet) twice a day. Disp:*10 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with PCP??????s office, but please have the results faxed to . not require blood work monitoring. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in days(from your date of check. Please make this appointment by calling . arrangements for the same, with your PCP. , to be seen in 4 weeks.
Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Chief Complaint: : Cranioplasty, Replacement of Left Frontal Bone flap This is a pleasant, Russian 49 y/o female who is well known to after sustaining a fall down steps which resulted in a left of Right-sided weakness. CT demonstrated underlying cerebral evacuation and decompression. She presents now for replacement Grade I parasagital meningioma s/p subtotal resection and IMRT hysterectomy for fibroids, gastritis, hiatal hernia Lives with boyfriend. as beautician. No recent alcohol Family History: at 68 of a heart attack. She has no brothers or sisters On Admission: Neurologically intact. On Discharge: Neurologically intact. Sutures and staples at CT head : described above. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage 2. Right frontal encephalomalacia and craniotomy, unchanged from 3. Several hypodense lesions involving the vertex, likely Brief Hospital Course: cranioplasty. She tolerated the procedure well. Her post-op CT overnight without seizures or complaints. Her JP drain was neurologically stable and discharged on the evening of . Medications on Admission: Discharge Medications: 1. levetiracetam 1,000 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 2. Keppra 250 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day. 3. acetaminophen 650 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for pain/fever: max 4g/24hrs. 4. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 Disp:*60 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2* 5. famotidine 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 6. dexamethasone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q12H (every Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 7. oxycodone 5 mg Capsule Sig: Capsules PO every four (4) Disp:*90 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. General Instructions ?????? Have a friend/family member check your incision daily for ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. or excessive bending. been removed. If your wound closure uses dissolvable sutures, ?????? You may shower before this time using a shower cap to cover ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any Ibuprofen etc. your post-operative office visit. at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, ?????? Fever greater than or equal to 101?????? F. Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please return to the office in 10 days(from your date of check. This appointment can be made with the PA. Please make distance from our office, please make arrangements for the same, ??????Please call ( to schedule an appointment with Dr. ??????You will need a CT scan of the brain without contrast.
