Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICAL ICU REASON FOR ADMISSION: Acute on chronic hypercarbic HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a 64-year-old male with hypoxemia and acute on chronic hypercarbic respiratory pain. He was ruled out at that time for myocardial noted to be 96% on room air. Since being discharged, he has overnight sleep study two days prior to admission for work-up a resting oxygen saturation of 60-70% on room air, which The sleep study was significant for apnea and persistent next morning. In the Emergency Room, he was found to be somnolent with liters nasal cannula. Respiratory rate of 21. He was placed following: 7.20/109/106. The patient was then set to be became more somnolent and more difficult to arouse. An following: 7.17/117/65. Oxygen saturations were 85%. The patient. Trial of BiPAP was unsuccessful on improving the being on BiPAP. Arterial blood gas 7.21/115/82. He was then REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: No fever, chills, no cough, shortness of stools, diarrhea, constipation, dysuria. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: intubations in the past. 3. Anxiety. 1. Multivitamin. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. FAMILY HISTORY: Diabetes, coronary artery disease, no SOCIAL HISTORY: Lives alone in and drinks three to police officer. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Afebrile. Pulse 68. Respiratory rate respirator. In general, he is morbidly obese, thick neck, Sclerae are anicteric. Cannot assess jugular venous pressure due to neck fat. Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, distant sounds, question split S2,P2. Respiratory: Few crackles in left base, no wheezing. Abdomen: Obese, soft, nontender, no hepatosplenomegaly. Extremities: Trace lower LABORATORIES: Significant for a hematocrit of 56.2, INR of cm left apical low density nodule that was lung cancer. A CT head demonstrated no evidence of intracranial pleural effusion. Electrocardiogram was normal sinus rhythm at 80, right bundle from . HOSPITAL COURSE: 1. Respiratory failure: The patient only remained intubated hyperventilated, but the pCO2 eventually corrected to baseline based on his bicarbonate. His sedation was extubated with BiPAP support. The patient remained extubated over the rest of his admission admission. His BiPAP was titrated up over the course of his liters. The patient was requiring O2 during his entire day 2. Obstructive sleep apnea: The patient was started on further outpatient sleep study following discharge as his marked decompensation. Repeatedly, it was discussed with the would improve his quality of life and probably require him to provide follow-up of his OSA in Sleep Unit at . 3. Lung nodule: The patient was found to have an incidental as an outpatient for further evaluation to 4. Depression and anxiety: In discussion with the patient and prior to the admission, he was started on Celexa while in 5. Cardiac: The patient had a very small troponin leak this was likely secondary to elevated PA pressure and right prevent progression of this, the patient needs outpatient 6. Polycythemia: The patient's hematocrit was quite the Medical Intensive Care Unit, the patient's condition was DISCHARGE STATUS: To home with home O2 therapy and BiPAP at 1. Lung clinic: with Dr. 2. , primary care physician, to two 3. Dr. Normal in Sleep Clinic for another sleep study 1. Celexa 20 mg 1 po q.d. 3. BiPAP, EPAP 16, IPAP 10, back up rate 12, titrate O2. Dictated By: MEDQUIST36 D: 03:36 T: 15:25 JOB#:
CHIEF COMPLAINT: Fevers, unresponsiveness. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is an 81 year old struck by an automobile earlier this year. He has had the last one culminating in failure to wean from the percutaneous esophagogastrostomy. He was transferred to presentation, marked by fevers and altered mental status. tomograph and lumbar puncture which were normal). On the day of admission, the patient's percutaneous percutaneous esophageal gastrostomy tube was flushed, water heart rate was in the 150's and his temperature was 101.8. assist control ventilation. Two hours later, his temperature had dropped to the 80's and he was transferred to for further care. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: 1. Status post motor vehicle accident Prostate cancer (not active disease). 3. Left frontal ALLERGIES: None known. MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER: Gentamycin 30 mg every 24 hours. Ipratropium. Aspirin 81 mg. HOSPITAL COURSE: In the Emergency Department, the patient was obtained. 2.5 liters of normal saline were infused and of sputum were appreciated on transfer to the medical PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature 104; heart rate of 125; room air. General: He is cachectic, chronically EARS, NOSE AND THROAT: Anicteric with normal conjunctiva and dry mucous membranes. Neck: The tracheostomy site was clean, dry and intact. Lungs: Crackles at both bases. Heart: Tachycardiac with normal S1 and S2. There is no S3, Normal bowel sounds. Soft, nontender, nondistended. There was no organomegaly appreciated. Extremities: No rash, clubbing, cyanosis or edema. Vascular: Radial, carotid, bilaterally. LABORATORY DATA: Arterial blood gases revealed pH of 7.44, laboratory evaluation is unremarkable. Chest x-ray showed HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the medical on hospital day number three. Gentamycin was discontinued. was added to Vancomycin. The patient continued to produce easy to ventilate and oxygenate him mechanically. The his hospital course and he was also hypotensive with a agitated and responded only to Haloperidol. After extensive aggressive care was withdrawn. Antibiotics were disconnected from the ventilator on . The infusion. The patient was transferred to the medical floor 1. Pneumonia. 3. Prostate cancer (not active disease). DISPOSITION: To the medical floor for comfort measures only. , M.D. Dictated By: D: 07:58 T: 08:04 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICAL ICU REASON FOR ADMISSION: Acute on chronic hypercarbic HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a 64-year-old male with hypoxemia and acute on chronic hypercarbic respiratory pain. He was ruled out at that time for myocardial noted to be 96% on room air. Since being discharged, he has overnight sleep study two days prior to admission for work-up a resting oxygen saturation of 60-70% on room air, which The sleep study was significant for apnea and persistent next morning. In the Emergency Room, he was found to be somnolent with liters nasal cannula. Respiratory rate of 21. He was placed following: 7.20/109/106. The patient was then set to be became more somnolent and more difficult to arouse. An following: 7.17/117/65. Oxygen saturations were 85%. The patient. Trial of BiPAP was unsuccessful on improving the being on BiPAP. Arterial blood gas 7.21/115/82. He was then REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: No fever, chills, no cough, shortness of stools, diarrhea, constipation, dysuria. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: intubations in the past. 3. Anxiety. 1. Multivitamin. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. FAMILY HISTORY: Diabetes, coronary artery disease, no SOCIAL HISTORY: Lives alone in and drinks three to police officer. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Afebrile. Pulse 68. Respiratory rate respirator. In general, he is morbidly obese, thick neck, Sclerae are anicteric. Cannot assess jugular venous pressure due to neck fat. Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, distant sounds, question split S2,P2. Respiratory: Few crackles in left base, no wheezing. Abdomen: Obese, soft, nontender, no hepatosplenomegaly. Extremities: Trace lower LABORATORIES: Significant for a hematocrit of 56.2, INR of cm left apical low density nodule that was associated post metastases. Chest x-ray showed cardiomegaly, left base atelectasis and branch block with secondary T wave changes. This was new 1. Respiratory failure: The patient only remained intubated hyperventilated, but the pCO2 eventually corrected to baseline based on his bicarbonate. His sedation was extubated with BiPAP support. The patient remained extubated over the rest of his admission admission. His BiPAP was titrated up over the course of his liters. The patient was requiring O2 during his entire day 2. Obstructive sleep apnea: The patient was started on further outpatient sleep study following discharge as his marked decompensation. Repeatedly, it was discussed with the would improve his quality of life and probably require him to 3. Lung nodule: The patient was found to have an incidental as an outpatient for further CT to evaluate 4. Depression and anxiety: In discussion with the patient and prior to the admission, he was started on Celexa while in 5. Cardiac: The patient had a very small troponin leak this was likely secondary to elevated PA pressure and right prevent progression of this, the patient needs outpatient 6. Polycythemia: The patient's hematocrit was quite the Medical Intensive Care Unit, the patient's condition was DISCHARGE STATUS: To home with home O2 therapy and BiPAP at 1. Lung clinic: with Dr. 2. , primary care physician, to two 3. Dr. Normal in Sleep Clinic for another sleep study 1. Celexa 20 mg 1 po q.d. 3. BiPAP, EPAP 16, IPAP 10, back up rate 12, titrate O2. Dictated By: MEDQUIST36 D: 03:36 T: 15:25 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 39 year old Hospital on the day prior to his admission to the ambulating across the street in with an unsteady gait activity per the EMTs who ultimately picked him up. He was found with eyes open but not responsive, GCS of 6. He was taken and the other apparently empty. In the Emergency Department at the , her vital signs were a blood pressure of nonrebreather face mask. He was given an amp of Narcan was subsequently intubated for airway protection and was saline via peripheral intravenous. The patient was PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Depression and question of ALLERGIES: None known. SOCIAL HISTORY: As mentioned, he was recently released from the . He was admitted there for 1. Depakote 500 mg p.o. b.i.d. 3. Olanzapine 50 mg p.o. q.h.s. His primary care physician is . and Dr. followed by Dr. Shaven, who is a neurologist at . PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: On admission to the Medical Intensive 99. Temperature was 97. He was on the ventilator with FIMV reactive to two millimeters bilaterally. There was no There was no lymphadenopathy. No thyromegaly and no jugular Cardiovascular revealed S1 and S2 with tachycardic rhythm, no positive bowel sounds, no hepatosplenomegaly. The cyanosis, clubbing or edema. There was a right forearm LABORATORY DATA: On admission, complete blood count revealed Chem7 revealed sodium 139, potassium 3.4, chloride 97, glucose 106. Coagulation studies revealed prothrombin time Liver function tests revealed AST of 22, ALT 21, amylase 51, toxicology and urine toxicology were negative. Arterial thought to be an aspiration event. Head CT had no evidence HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient as mentioned was brought to the measures for his Benadryl overdose. He extubated rapidly He maintained after being intubated that he was depressed and psychiatry who at the time of this dictation is trying to facility. From a medical prospective, the patient had no acute medical secondary to the anticholinergic aspect of his Benadryl afebrile and had no physical complaints to speak of. The pending bed opening at an inpatient psychiatric facility. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: 2. Paxil 30 mg p.o. q.d. 4. Olanzapine is being held at this point in time. All his psychiatric medications are going to be adjusted by Dictated By: D: 11:35 T: 12:43 JOB#:
Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: REASON FOR ADMISSION: Management of seizure disorder, HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Mr. is a 20-year-old disorder diagnosed in . His history of present scatomas, which began in a periphery and travelled across his episodes occurred with physical activity. In , the alcohol, which were subsequently followed by tonic-clonic hospital Intensive Care Unit for two days and treated with a included a normal CT MRI and lumbar puncture. In , he activity, but no other seizure activity. He was seen by Dr. were performed which were all normal. In , while symptoms again, which lasted 18 hours, and was accompanied by prompted a visit to the Emergency Room where Dilantin level at that time was 15. He was given valproic and acyclovir empirically for possible meningitis. His 316. His bicarbonate was 30 with an anion gap of 13. Later seizure activity and was intubated for airway protection and started on a benzodiazepine drip. His PH at the time of on room air. His bicarbonate was 7 on a Chem-7 and patient's of bicarbonate and started on a bicarbonate drip. The toxic alcohol poisoning such as methanol alcohol and ethylene discharges in the left hemisphere. CKs rose to 1600 and copious fluids. The patient's amylase and lipase were also blamed on an idiosyncratic reaction to Depakote. The Trileptal again while continued with the Dilantin. The patient also developed a left lower lobe infiltrate with influenza. He was initially on ampicillin and then switched admitted to the Neurological Surgical Intensive Care Unit Dilantin and he continued to receive vancomycin and was ventilator on assist control with frequent changes in evidence of recurrent seizure activity. He was then morning. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: 2. Migraines. MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER: 2. Trileptal 1200 mg q. 12 hours. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY: He is an . He smoker. FAMILY HISTORY: The Neurology Service has done a pedigree on PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: His temperature was 102.3. Pulse 124. Patient is ventilating on assist control. Tidal volume of 650 with a rate of 24. PEEP of 7.5. FIO2 50%. General: He distress. Neck: There is no lymphadenopathy, no jugular examination reveals coarse breath sounds diffusely. Cardiac There was no murmurs appreciated. There was a normal S1, S2. Gastrointestinal: Soft, nontender, nondistended, no bowel sounds. Extremities were warm with excellent distal Neurological: Patient's pupils equal, round and reactive to LABORATORY DATA: White blood cell count 13.4, hematocrit 101, bicarbonate 9, BUN 10, creatinine 0.6, glucose 97, bilirubin 0.4, albumin 2.9, amylase 247, lipase 121, calcium index 7. Dilantin level 14.4. ESR was 35. Arterial blood gas: pH was 7.35, pCO2 of 25, PO2 of 101. Urinalysis cells and 0-2 white blood cells. There was no bacteria. Chest x-ray revealed bilateral infiltrates and air above the corona. Electrocardiogram revealed patient to be in sinus tachycardia wave inversions inferiorly and in the precordial leads. 1. Neurology: A Neurology consult was obtained. They a mitochondrial disorder. Multiple laboratories were sent discharge. The patient was started on empiric treatment for such as Solu-Medrol 1 gram q.d. times three, then prednisone, patient was continued on Dilantin and Trileptal with a no The patient's Dilantin doses were multiplier modified After extubation, the patient continued to experience visual exacerbated and attributed to exertion. He was instructed to or changes. On discharge, the patient was started on a five Neurology upon discharge until a definitive diagnosis is made 2. Hematology: On admission, a cranial MRI was obtained These are new as compared to a previous MRI on . discharge. 3. Gastrointestinal: Because the patient's LFTs, amylase, an abdominal CT was obtained. It revealed a large amount of large anterior peritoneal space, which was thought to be from fluid around the right lobe of the liver and gallbladder. since his enzymes had begun to fall two days afterwards, the a right upper quadrant ultrasound was performed. It revealed no evidence of cholecystitis, biliary obstruction or days afterwards, he was started on clears and denied any his hospital course. 3. Pulmonary: On admission, a left large pleural effusion predominantly in the left lower lobe. Because the left performed with removal of two liters of transudative fluid. and clindamycin for aspiration pneumonia. The patient was 4. Cardiovascular: The patient was transiently hypotensive Elevations in both cardiac enzymes prompted a Cardiology enzyme elevation related to any significant cardiac disease. was within normal size. His left ventricular wall thickness His overall left ventricular systolic function was normal ventricular chamber size and free wall motion were normal. mild 1+ mitral regurgitation. 5. Dermatologic: The patient had a small sacral decubitus immobilization and ambulation. By the time of discharge, the CONDITION AT THE TIME OF DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharged to home. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: 2. Prednisone 30 mg po q.d. times two days, 20 mg po q.d. off. 3. Multivitamin 1 po q.d. 6. Vitamin C 100 mg po b.i.d. 8. Oxcarbazepine 1200 mg po b.i.d. folliculitis. 11. Ubidecarenone 300 mg po q.d. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: Please limit your activity to only symptoms upon exertion, please see cease all physical disturbances, please go to the Emergency Department immediately. DISCHARGE FOLLOW-UP; Follow-up with Dr. , on in his Primary Care Clinic. Also, please follow-up 1. Possible mitochondrial disorder leading to seizures and 2. Bilateral occipital infarcts. , M.D. Dictated By: MEDQUIST36 D: 22:57 T: 22:57 JOB#:
