Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a 69-year-old woman with disease requiring nightly BIPAP and multiple intubations in pneumonia and hypercarbic respiratory failure. She has a patient presents with four to five days of confusion and past presentation for hypercarbia. Over the past 24 hours baseline. She was confused and having low grade pressures to the 80s and had new onset atrial fibrillation normal sinus rhythm. In the Emergency Department, she was blood pressure of 140/64, heart rate in the 80s to 100s, O2 arterial blood gas was 7.25/135/65. She was started on BIPAP received 2 liter normal saline bolus with her systolic blood 7.24/123/96. She was intubated and transferred to the MICU a urinary tract infection for three days prior to admission. pain, chest pain, shortness of breath, increased cough from production. There has been no nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: The past medical history revealed inclusion body myositis with restrictive lung disease. Her of 65%, FEV1 71%, 1.29 liters, with a ratio of 109%. DLCO mild restrictive picture. Her baseline bicarbonate is 30-40 well as evening BIPAP. The patient has a history of hemangioma, depression, and gastrointestinal bleed. SOCIAL HISTORY: There is no alcohol and no tobacco use ALLERGIES: The patient has no reported drug allergies. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION: Vital signs revealed heart rate 106, O2 saturation 89-99%. In general, this is a HEENT was anicteric, PERLA. The neck was supple. JVD could revealed coarse breath sounds with rhonchi bilaterally irregularly irregular with no murmurs, rubs, or gallops and nondistended with normal bowel sounds. The extremities examination, the patient was sedated. The toes were spontaneously. LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION: White blood cell count was polys, 8 lymphocytes, 2 monocytes. Sodium was 140, potassium creatinine 0.6, blood sugar 151. Urinalysis revealed 1.017, cells. Chest x-ray #1 showed a new basilar left lower lobe fibrillation at 108 with left axis deviation, no Qs, no ST or left axis deviation with no ST or T wave changes. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Evista 60 mg p.o. q. day, Lasix 20 b.i.d. and 300 mg q. afternoon, Prednisone 30 mg p.o. q.o.d., Valium 2 mg p.o. b.i.d., Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d., Effexor Combivent 3 puffs q.i.d., Tylenol p.r.n., Milk of Magnesia Trazodone 150 mg p.o. q.h.s., Cipro 250 mg p.o. b.i.d. x 3 times a week, Bactrim double strength one tablet three times day, Imuran 250 mg p.o. q. day, Claritin 10 mg p.o. q. day. HOSPITAL COURSE Pulmonary: The patient was intubated for hypercarbic arterial blood gas of 7.39/79/83 and kept on BIPAP at night. respiratory distress and she was saturating 94% on 2 liters Infectious disease: The initial chest x-ray was suggestive with Levofloxacin and Flagyl for both a community acquired was added to this regimen as well. Her Vancomycin and Flagyl on p.o. Levofloxacin to complete a 7 day course again for Cardiovascular: The patient had one EKG during her has been in normal sinus rhythm with occasional atrial antihypertensives were restarted. She continued to have some She had elevated CPKs as high as 489 with normal MB fraction troponin was less than 0.3. Her cardiovascular issues will Neurology: The patient has a history of steroid-dependent Dr. , was helping with the management of her as at some point it had been discontinued and was initially was put back on Prednisone and will have her Prednisone DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Effexor 75 mg p.o. q. day, Neurontin 600 mg p.o. q.a.m. and q.h.s., Neurontin 300 mg p.o. at 2:00 iron sulfate 325 mg TIW, Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d., Evista 60 mg p.o. q. day, regular insulin sliding scale, day, Lopressor 25 mg p.o. b.i.d., Levaquin 250 mg p.o. q. day p.o. q. day, Prednisone 60 mg every other day q. Monday, other day starting next week Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday in an alternating , M.D. Dictated By: D: 09:49 T: 11:05 JOB#:

Service: Cardiac Surgery NOTE: Date of discharge pending; awaiting rehabilitation CHIEF COMPLAINT: Chest pain, 3-vessel disease. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a presented with chest pain. The patient was known to have a history of coronary artery catheterization was done at the outside hospital and revealed infusion and transferred to the for definitive management. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: 2. Asthma, steroid dependent. 4. Coronary artery disease with angina. 6. Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. 8. Obesity. 10. Gout. 12. Recurrent urinary tract infections. 14. Peripheral neuropathy. ALLERGIES: An allergy to MORPHINE (causing a rash) MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Medications prior to admission q.d., Plavix 75 mg p.o. q.d., Prevacid, lactulose, Imdur, q.d., Cardizem 360 mg p.o. q.d., Bactrim-DS, Bumex 1 mg p.o. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the Intensive graft in the a.m. She underwent a coronary artery bypass graft times three on anterior descending artery, saphenous vein graft to DM, stable condition. She had - drain in the right hematocrit drop to 20 and was given packed red blood cells. with stridors and was reintubated and sedated. She was heart rhythm was in and out of atrial fibrillation. She slowly improved over the next few days. She was she was stable. She was extubated on . She continued Care Unit to the regular floor on . She had been was in sinus rhythm when she was transferred to the floor. On the floor, her mental condition dramatically improved. her general condition over the next few days. Her pacing started on p.o. amiodarone. DISCHARGE DISPOSITION: Currently, she is in a stable facility. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: 2. Lasix 20 mg p.o. q.d. 4. Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. 6. Prednisone 10 mg p.o. q.d. 8. Albuterol and Atrovent puffs q.4h. 10. Protonix 40 mg p.o. q.d. checked every day initially and then per primary care 12. A regular insulin sliding-scale. 14. Bumex 1 mg p.o. q.d. CONDITION AT DISCHARGE: Condition on discharge was stable. MEDQUIST36 D: 19:56 T: 20:38 JOB#:

Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: ADMISSION DIAGNOSIS: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a 62 year-old laboratory after an attempted wean of his intravenous infusion of Milrinone for systolic heart failure secondary to patient deteriorated and became hypotensive with shortness of The patient improved on intravenous Milrinone, but was unable to be not a candidate as he would likely require left blood products as he is a Jehovah's witness. The patient has pacemaker to a synchronized pacing. The patient reports that only walk a few steps, after that he was able to walk without fatigue. The patient is able to perform activities symptoms. He also notes he has lowered the head of his bed sleeping on three to four pillows or upright. Currently the extremity edema, chest pain. He has no fevers or chills, He has no urinary symptoms. He denies blood in his stool. sensation of fluttering in his chest when he lays on his admitted for elective cardiac catheterization and for infection. The patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed in 1. Dilated cardiomyopathy (please see history of present 2. Severe mitral regurgitation. 4. History of supraventricular tachycardia on Holter monitor 5. Chronic gastritis with a history of H pylori, which has 6. History of positive PPD. 8. Nonsustained ventricular tachycardia. 10. History of left bundle branch block. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Captopril 12.5 mg po t.i.d., 12.5 mg po b.i.d., Digoxin 0.125 mg po q day, Lasix 40 mg po Coumadin 4 mg po q day, which had been held prior to the continuous infusion. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient is a Jehovah's witness. He is use of alcohol or recreational drugs. The patient quit FAMILY HISTORY: No history of stroke, myocardial infarction, the lungs, stomach and throat respectively. He notes they PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION: Temperature 97.3. Heart Sating 99% on room air. His pulmonary pressure is 34/13. distress. The mucous membranes are moist. The JVD is at the There is a regular rate and rhythm. There is an S3. There Hickman catheter is without erythema or exudate. The lungs present. The abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended. are palpable bilaterally. He has a line in his right groin. LABORATORY: White blood cell count 3.2, hematocrit 33.0, potassium 3.6, chloride 103, bicarb 28, BUN 21, creatinine phosphate 3.5, magnesium 1.6, ALT 23, AST 27, alkaline 1.9. HOSPITAL COURSE: 1. Cardiovascular: The patient initially filling pressures with marked improvement of the pulmonary However, the patient did have baseline depression of his decreased to half strength and there was no significant drop to the Coronary Care Unit for further hemodynamic monitoring. catheterization laboratory. His Milrinone was continued to His hemodynamics were monitored q two hours. The patient's first day in the Coronary Care Unit, however, the patient was pressures once the Milrinone was taken off. Therefore the dose of 0.33 micrograms per kilogram per minute. The patient 2. Rhythm: The patient has a biventricular pacemaker. He was removed under fluoroscopic guidance as he has a 3. Hematology: The patient was started on heparin drip in house. He will continue to take his Coumadin once he is 4. History of gastritis: The patient was continued on 5. Renal: The patient's chronic renal failure was at patient was admitted. 6. Hypotension: The patient was noted to be hypotensive from the low 80s to 90s. The patient was asymptomatic with intake. He was encouraged to consume eight glasses of liquid 1. Dilated cardiomyopathy. 3. Hypotension. 5. Chronic renal failure. 7. History of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: the same as admission medications. continuous infusion of Milrinone at 0.33 micrograms per DISCHARGE FOLLOW UP: The patient will follow up with his checked in three days. He will also follow up with Dr. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Good. D: 12:19 T: 13:02 JOB#:

Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: Allergies: Chief Complaint: Cardiac Catheterization s/p mLAD stent History of Present Illness: noted maintained on quindine since, who was eating dinner at the scene started CPR and EMS arrived and defibrillated him. . He stayed in the CCU overnight and was extubated and complaints and was feeling fine, doing well on the quinidine. Past Medical History: Nephrolithiasis Tobacco use, 24 p/y hx Family History: reason) Physical Exam: T: 98.7 BP: 101/60 P: 83 R: 18 96% RA Wt: 103.3 kg Gen: alert and oriented, short term memory much improved, the his arrest Neck: no JVD Lungs: CTA bilaterally, no w/r/c CV: RRR, no m/r/g Chest: pacer pocket with hematoma, unchanged. Firm, nontender, Abd: soft, nt/nd. +bs. Ext: 2+ dp pulses, no c/c/e. R groin cath site without hematoma 06:50AM BLOOD WBC-10.3 RBC-3.67* Hgb-11.5* Hct-34.7* 06:50AM BLOOD PT-12.6 PTT-23.8 INR(PT)-1.0 06:50AM BLOOD Glucose-128* UreaN-13 Creat-1.2 Na-141 06:25AM BLOOD CK(CPK)-116 10:00PM BLOOD CK(CPK)-136 12:56PM BLOOD CK(CPK)-166 06:34AM BLOOD ALT-58* AST-39 CK(CPK)-193* 08:42PM BLOOD CK(CPK)-238* 12:56PM BLOOD CK-MB-3 cTropnT-<0.01 06:34AM BLOOD CK-MB-4 cTropnT-<0.01 08:42PM BLOOD cTropnT-<0.01 06:50AM BLOOD Calcium-8.9 Phos-2.9 Mg-2.0 06:34AM BLOOD Triglyc-138 HDL-32 CHOL/HD-3.7 LDLcalc-59 08:42PM BLOOD Digoxin-0.9 Quinidi-1.6* Brief Hospital Course: monitored on tele overnight in anticipation of having a cath/EP VFib. On the floor, he did have a few runs of NSVT (5-7 beats) , and originally had some cognitive deficits involving his at all, but this had resolved by the time he came to the floor. this had completely resolved by the day of discharge. He had EF, and this was held while a heparin drip was begun. He was found: circulation with significant of D2 and after the large OM occluded at 2. Limited resting hemodyanics revealed moderately elevated left righ sided filling pressures. mRA was 14 mmHg, and RVEDP was 16 RVSP was mildly elevated at 43 mmHg. mPCW was elevated at 23 Fick calculated cardiac output and index were perserved at 6.1 2.8 L/min/m2, respectively. lesion with a 2.75x23mm Cypher with a 3.0x15mm baloon inflated at 20 atms. Severely dilated left ventricle with extensive systolic Mild-moderate aortic the left function is more He also had an EP study performed while he was here, and they complicated by a minor hematoma in the pocket of the pacer, that vancomycin x3 doses and was sent home on Keflex for a total of 5 be tachycardic to the 120s. An EKG showed sinus tach. It was approx 4-5 days since he had last had his BB (originally had was restarted with good pulse control, although on ambulation he on d/c. In terms of his other medications, his digoxin and on anticoagulation with coumadin, given the questionable hx of would be at least on ASA and plavix. His Lasix and Lisinopril as it was felt he would have a better EF given his -v pacing with a 7 day course of Bactrim. He did have a low-grade temp infiltrate and no localizing signs of infection other than his discharged home with instructions to f/u with Dr. in weeks. Medications on Admission: Atorvastatin Lasix 60 mg qd Lopressor 100 mg 1. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a day). 2. Atorvastatin Calcium 40 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO QD Disp:*60 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. Clopidogrel Bisulfate 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a day) for 6 months: do not stop taking this medication continuing this medication with your cardiologist after 6 Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*5* 4. Bactrim DS 160-800 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a Disp:*8 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* One (1) Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) PO Q24H (every 24 hours). Disp:*30 Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)(s)* Refills:*2* 6. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4-6H (every 7. Furosemide 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 8. Mag-Oxide 400 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 9. Cephalexin 500 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO Q6H (every Disp:*16 Capsule(s)* Refills:*0* 10. Toprol XL 100 mg Tablet Sustained Release 24HR Sig: 1.5 Disp:*45 Tablet Sustained Release 24HR(s)* Refills:*2* 11. Lisinopril 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day. Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* Sig: One (1) Tab Sust.Rel. Particle/Crystal PO once a day. Disp:*30 Tab Sust.Rel. Particle/Crystal(s)* Refills:*2* Home With Service Facility: Ventricular Fibrillation Arrest Urinary Tract Infection Discharge Condition: Please take all medications as directed. Please make an appointment with Dr. within the within week of discharge from the hospital. I know he has your PCP and cardiologist or if he has someone else he discussed. You should also follow up in the pacemaker clinic next week as scheduled. Provider: CLINIC Where: CARDIAC SERVICES Phone: Date/Time: 3:30

Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: -L IJ central line Radiology -Echocardiogram -Thrombectomy of AV graft thrombus HPI: Mr. is a 57 year-old man with hx of ESRD on fever to 101 at home and 1 week history of cough. The patient been productive of copius white sputum. He describes daily There is no evidence of food or bile in the secretions and he He also notes that these coughing fits make him feel nauseus. 2 "throwing up." He subsequently developed diarrhea, and has had experienced any sore throat, chills, abdominal pain, dysuria. He experiencing this since begininning dialysis in . He also prior to the day before admission. ROS: Has DOE at baseline, cannot walk up a flight of stairs. . (clear) and CT with contrast. Blood cultures were sent and he 1. ESRD on hemodialysis, awaiting placement on transplant list ) T1, N0, M0. Surveillance MR was negative 3. Hypertension 5. Hepatitis C infection 7. Gout 9. ??????s Esophagus Lives with sister, previously worked in a hotel, quit after admission to hospital. Previous ETOH history of 1 pint per week, quit in Family History: reported CAD. Mother died of "liver problems"; father died of stroke at 51. He is unsure of any other medical problems in his family. Physical Exam: VS: T100.6 BP 107/76 HR 101 RR 22 O2sat 94%RA GEN: Subdued-appearing middle-aged man in NAD HEENT: Icteric sclera, OP clear, MMM NECK: supple, no LAD, no JVD CARD: Tachycardic, regular rhythm, normal S1, S2. 3/6 systolic LUNG: Crackles on R from base to middle lung field. Crackle on L ABD: Protuberant, soft, ND, slightly tender in site of recent bx EXT: WWP, dry, scaly skin on lower legs and feet bilaterally. DP CXR : proximally and the distal tip is in the distal left unchanged. There is some tortuosity to the thoracic aorta. lateral radiograph. This is likely secondary to atelectasis, Attention to this region is recommended on followup studies. . CT ABDOMEN: There is bilateral pleural thickening and bibasilar interval development of a large pericardial effusion. The units and was not present previously. The liver, gallbladder, appearance. The patient is status post partial left nephrectomy. cysts but are too small to be fully characterized. The stomach or free fluid. Of note, are prominent left diaphragmatic, increased in size compared to prior examination. CT PELVIS: The bladder, prostate, seminal vesicles, and rectum sigmoid colon, which may relate to transient peristalsis. fluid and no pelvic or inguinal lymphadenopathy. BONE WINDOWS: There are no suspicious lytic or sclerotic osseous IMPRESSION: high attenuation fluid. paraesophageal, and para vena caval lymph nodes. These could be carcinoma, neoplastic involvement cannot be excluded. too small to be fully characterized. . CXR PA & LATERAL : venous catheter is in unchanged position, with the tip in the There is no consolidation or evidence of congestive failure. No pleural effusion. IMPRESSION: Cardiomegaly. No evidence of . EKG : Modest ST-T wave changes with Probable QT interval prolonged difficult to measure - are nonspecific but clinical correlation significant change . Conclusions: elongated. The 2.Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The left wall motion is normal. Overall left ventricular systolic 3.Right ventricular chamber size is normal. Right ventricular function is normal. regurgitation is seen. regurgitation seen. effusion invagination of the variation of mitral valve inflow consistent with early . Cardiac Cath/Pericardiocentesis : right and end index was to peak 2. Pericardiocentesis was uncomplicated and revealed an opening pressure of 20mmHG and was essentially identical to RA pressure. of bloody fluid were drained with improvement in RA pressure to The cardiac index remained unchanged at 3.6. posteriorly FINAL DIAGNOSIS: 2. Successful pericardiocentesis. . Conclusions: echocardiographic . LABS: 01:50PM: MCV-89 MCH-28.1 MCHC-31.5 RDW-16.0* PT-13.4* PTT-24.9 INR(PT)-1.2* CHLORIDE-93* TOTAL CO2-27 ANION GAP-22* LACTATE-1.6 06:10PM: GLUCOSE-NEG KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-SM UROBILNGN-NEG PH-5.0 #. Issues to be followed-up as outpatient: effusion in 4 weeks followed by appointement with Dr. and appointment. vena caval lymph nodes seen on CT chest . Needs repeat CT in 3) Had one dark, guaiac-positive stool on . Should have 4) RCC, PSA #.Pericardial effusion: First noted on CT chest on . Viral thought that this was unlikely to be a uremic effusion because 90's. It was unclear if this drop in BP Was secondary to the before. He was given 3 boluses of IVF and BP improved. Pulsus Cardiology was consulted and the patient underwent TTE on pericardiocentesis: 600cc of fluid was removed and a pericardial 24 hours. The patient tolerated the procedure well and went to found to be an exudate. WBCs were seen. Diff was: N 27%, L were negative. Fluid culture showed no growth, anaerobic negative, Acid Fast culture pending. Cytology was negative for well and a pericardial drain was placed. On , drain output not successful and the patient underwent angiography for removal loculated portion of the pericardial sac. Given these findings, still be considered. On echocardiogram 24 hours post-procedure, hemodynamically stable until discharged. He is to schedule a about 4 weeks (). #.Fever: of 1 week of productive cough. His WBC was also elevated to 15.1 ED. Blood cultures, urine cultures and stool cultures were sent chest films. Given that Mr. is a hemodailysis patient, causing bacteremia, and blood cultures were repeated x3. As were given. Tylenol was held so fever curve could be monitored, drained on . Following drainage of the effusion the patient treatments, but was otherwise afebrile. Given his history of source of fevers. RCC is being followed as an outpatient. By the decreased to 9.9. #.ESRD: Thurs, Sat schedule. Dialysis was continued on this schedule fluid was removed resulting in SBP in 90's. He also reported received IV fluid boluses and his blood pressure improved. On as an outpatient to work-up difficulty with fistula access. The performed. On post-procedure imaging the graft was found to be afternoon. Ultrasound the following morning () revealed from the arterial anastomosis to the venous anastomosis. post-procedure exam revealed 2+ graft pulse and restoration of a secondary to graft thrombosis and was subsequently dialyzed pulse and graft thrill at discharge. In addition to continuing TID. Electolytes were monitored. The transplant service was inpatient. #. Hypoxia: On the patient became hypoxic to 88% on RA. He pain at the time. Concern was for pneumonia of CHF, given his no evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion. use an incentive spirometer. Sats improved over the next two . The patient has had anemia requiring transfusions in the past, over several days to 25.3. He was transfused 1 unit prior to transfusion. On he had one dark, soft formed stool that was 30.4 on the day of discharge. require regular follow-up in 5 years. #.Nausea and Diarrhea: acid reflux, for which he takes prilosec 40mg . He also gives suggesting gastroparesis. On admission, the patient reported episodes of "throwing up" upon waking up in the morning, but description given of the secretions was suggestive of sputum had one episode of vomiting after eating breakfast. He noted continued to experience intermittent nausea until , when his prior to admission for presumed nausea and vomiting and Stool cultures were sent, and c. difficile toxin was negative. hospitalized. One guaiac-positive dark, soft formed stool was normal brown colored BM prior to discharge. He was not . Patient has had ongoing discussion with his outpatient treaters hospitalization he informed the team that he now feels that he started on Zoloft 25mg daily and advised of possible side that the medication would most likely not have any effect on his . #. Hypertension: Remained stable. Home medications (Valsartan , when the patient found to have low BP. Valsartan was then were held on due to concern for early tamponade. Home patient's BP remained stable. #. Diabetes: The patient was placed on QID finger sticks and glipizide 5mg daily and Lantus 10 units daily except when NPO #.Gout: Remained stable, without symptoms. Allopurinol 100mg QOD . #.??????s Esophagus: Continued PPI 40mg #.Hepatitis C: Viral load was sent (currently pending). #.Prophylaxis: While on bed rest, the patient was maintained on and get out of bed frequently. #.Fluids, electrolytes, nutrition: The patient was maintained on patient received hemodialysis on his outpatient schedule plus Medications on Admission: Nephrocaps 1 cap daily Valsartan 320mg daily Diltiazem SR 360mg daily Lantus 10units QAM 1. B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid 1 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Cap 2. Allopurinol 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO EVERY OTHER 3. Prilosec 40mg one tablet twice daily 4. Calcium Carbonate 500 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) 5. Diltiazem HCl 360 mg Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: One (1) 6. Valsartan 160 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 7. Amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 8. Sertraline 50 mg Tablet Sig: half Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 9. Glipizide 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 10. Insulin Glargine 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) 10 units Discharge Disposition: Fever End-stage renal disease on hemodialysis Anemia Discharge Condition: Discharge Instructions: if you develop fever >101, chills, vomiting, abdominal pain, lightheadedness, or for any other concerning symptoms. below). 4. Restart all of your home medications, including your diabetes (Sertraline 25mg); take half a tablet once a day 1. DR. at 4PM Phone: 2. DR. , MD-- at 8:40AM Phone: 3. Please call ( to schedule an appointment with

Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: None. History of Present Illness: ulcer who presented to the ED after being discharged the same rehab. His recent history is significant for an admission from to vancomycin and fluconazole. He was re-admitted from to PICC was replaced and he was re-started on vancomycin, continued levofloxacin. On his way to rehab on he developed fevers to fatigue but no other complaints. In the ED he was febrile to 102.8 and started on Vanco, Levo, receiving 5-6 L NS he was started on peripheral dopamine gtt started on broad spectrum antibiotics (caspofungin for , was also started on flagyl for complaints of increasing diarrhea support for some time and was also started on Past Medical History: 2) Type II DM 4) Diabetic foot ulcer: s/p first MP joint fusion. s/p 5) LBP 7) h/o EtOH abuse Social History: No current EtOH (prior heavy use) Non-contributory Physical Exam: Gen - A+Ox3(mildly confused) NAD side of head. no erythema, no drainage Lungs - CTA B although did not cooperate fully with exam Ext - no edema, L foot with dorsal loose suture line, c/d/i, Neuro - CN II - XII, nl strength/ x 4 ext Pertinent Results: WBC Trend: 17.0 26.8 34.7 Creatinine: 2.2 initially -> 0.9 for final four days of hospital LFTs on ALT 68 AST 44 LDH 125 Alk Phos 128 T. bili 0.3 Microbiology: , 9/2 Blood cultures: Pending at discharge. Stool culture: FECES POSITIVE FOR C. DIFFICILE TOXIN BY EIA. CXR: limits. The lungs are clear. The osseous structures are stable. Postoperative changes at the first MTP remains similar in fragments and soft tissue swelling. No large collection of air MTP is also unchanged. Prominent atherosclerotic calcifications plantar spur is unchanged. No new fracture, dislocation, or bone 50 y.o. man with DM, HTN, h/o left foot ulcer who He was initially admitted to the MICU due to hypotension and spectrum antibiotics (ceftazidime, caspofungin, and vancomycin). on metronidazole as well. His leukocytosis on admission (34.7) needed blood pressure support with pressor agents and was cortisol. After his blood pressure stablized off pressor agents hemodynamically stable and afebrile until discharge on . He blood pressure remained stable. He was discharged with flagyl 500 tid and a 30 day course of fluconazole 400 qd. He . 2. Left foot ulcer: ulcer and thought there were no acute issues to address during excellent job of staying off his feet and elevating his foot day course of fluconazole 400 qd and has a follow up appointment This was initially controlled with an insulin drip in the MICU. dose of metformin 500 and was put on a sliding scale. His was adequate on this regimen and he was encouraged to follow up His creatinine was elevated initially in the ED (2.2) but thought to be due mostly to a pre-renal state. He was He had no episodes of seizure activity during this hospital up with neurology at some point in the future. 7. Disposition: increasingly stronger throughout his hospital stay and elected home as he was unable to find a bag with multiple personal items contact about this issue but his bag was not found by the time follow up on finding his bag. with infectious disease, podiatry, and his PCP. 1. Pantoprazole Sodium 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: 2. Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, Chewable 3. Lisinopril 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 4. Metformin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a 5. Levetiracetam 250 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO BID (2 6. Fluconazole 200 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q24H (every Disp:*22 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 7. Metronidazole 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 Disp:*21 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 8. Oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every six (6) hours Disp:*40 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* Home Discharge Diagnosis: 1. C. diff colitis. Secondary Diagnosis: 2. Hypertension 4. Seizure d/o Stable. 1. Please take your medications as prescribed. 3. Please try to stay off your left foot and keep it elevated 4. If you have any fevers, increased swelling or redness of your left foot, abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, or other Followup Instructions: in weeks. His number is . call if you need to reschedule. 2. Provider: , MD Where: LM DISEASE Phone: Date/Time: 10:00 3. Provider: ,(A) PAIN MANAGEMENT CENTER Where: CENTER Phone: Date/Time: 4:50 Provider: , DPM Where: BA ( COMPLEX) PODIATRY Phone: Date/Time: 1:30

Date of Birth: Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: Intubation and mechanical ventilation x 2 History of Present Illness: by home health aid. EMS was called and patient's blood sugar was received glucagon and 1 amp D50 as well as thiamine. Her BS arrived to the ED, she had copious secretions and was satting she could not protect her airway. CXR was done which was aspiration PNA. Patient received a dose of vanc/flagyl/levo in . days later for hypoxemic respiratory failure, possibly from and received a course of Vanc/Zosyn and was extubated approx 2 99% on 2L. BP had been difficult to control and was on NTG gtt but was transitioned to SC insulin. She was transferred to the medical floor hemodynamically stable. Gout Osteoarthritis "Temporary paralysis", ? TIA vs CVA Cholecystectomy Chronic renal failure (baseline creatinine 1.8-2.0) Planum sphenoidale meningioma She does not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol. Family History: Upon arrival to MICU: Gen: Sedated Heent: ETT and and OG tube in place Lungs: Vent airway noise Cardiac: RRR S1/S2 no murmurs Abd: obese, soft, +bs Ext: Left IO IV in place Neuro: Sedated Labs: Micro: Urine cultures - negative C. diff Toxin B assay pending at time to discharge to rehab Imaging: midline structures, or evidence of acute major vascular periventricular white matter hypodensity predominates in the infarction. Sulcal and ventricular prominence is likely related ethmoid air cells and the sphenoid sinus is noted. Surrounding . The LA is normal in size. There is mild symmetric LVH. The (LVEF 70%). Tissue Doppler imaging suggests an increased Transmitral Doppler and tissue velocity imaging are consistent VSD. RV chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The AV aortic regurgitation is seen. The MV leaflets are mildly is moderate PA systolic hypertension. There is no pericardial . 1. Diffuse bilateral airspace disease, upper lobe predominant, 2. Mediastinal lymphadenopathy, which may be reactive. brachiocephalic vein. 5. No acute inflammatory process within the abdomen or pelvis. recommended in a nonemergent basis CT Abdomen and Pelvis W/O Contrast Unchanged appearance of left adrenal thickening. of the superior endplate of T12. WBC-6.8 RBC-4.00* Hgb-10.4* Hct-31.7* MCV-79* MCH-25.9* WBC-10.3 RBC-3.30* Hgb-8.5* Hct-26.2* MCV-79* MCH-25.6* Glucose-132* UreaN-57* Creat-1.8* Na-140 K-4.2 Cl-107 Glucose-132* UreaN-33* Creat-1.7* Na-143 K-4.4 Cl-109* ALT-29 AST-42* LD(LDH)-300* AlkPhos-104 TotBili-0.1 65 y/o female with a h/o T2DM, PVD, and hypertension who was aspiration PNA. She was initially intubated for airway course was further complicated by progressive respiratory was subsequently transferred to the medical floor after addressed during this hospitalization. 1. Hypoglycemia/T2DM medication error as patient has a long standing h/o T2DM and and 1 amp D50. With monitoring the patient improved and slowly excellent glycemic control. 2. Respiratory distress was felt she would be unable to protect her airway. She was extubated successfully on . She was treated for 5 days have episodes of hypertension and flash edema. With CPAP and increased to prevent flash pulmonary edema. She required she continued to have worsening respiratory status and presumed vanc/zosyn. Given CT scan, she completed 10 days total of of BOOP, however these were rapidly tapered. Pulmonary was with pneumonia. She was changed to levofloxacin on and outpatient pulmonary follow up, CT chest 4-6 weeks, outpatient pulmonary hypertension. She will need continued pulmonary toilet . Patient's anemia is to iron deficiency anemia along with blood count was monitored and was stable. 4. HTN a nitroglycerine drip initially. She continued on her outpatient anti-HTN medications: metoprolol, amlodipine, was held with regard to her acute on chronic renal failure as . Patient had chest pain that seemed MSK given reproducibility but ischemia. However, she completed a rule-out for MI. 6. Gout allopurinol. She did experience a gout flare in her left foot rehab on colchicine but it will be stopped once her flare . Patient admitted at baseline creatinine, which is most likely normal renal US and lytes consistent with intrinsic renal related to diuresis. She received IVF and improved. She is . The pt developed some diffuse abdominal discomfort. She also infection with Flagyl. Diarrhea resolved. Abdominal discomfort diff. She will finish her course of Flagyl at rehab. She has a Reglan with good effect. CT Abdomen/Pelvis were unrevealing and different studies. 9. Thyroid heterogeneity consistent with sick euthyroid. These imaging abnormality consideration for biopsy. 10. Code: Full 11. Comm: Medications on Admission: amlodipine 10 mg po daily, cacitriol 0.25 mcg po daily, folic acid 1 mg po daily, Humulin-R during the day, HCTZ 25 mg po daily, Lipitor 20 mg po daily, metoprolol 50 mg po daily, Neurontin 400 mg po 3 times daily, Paxil 30 mg po daily, Tramadol 50 mg po q 4 to 6 hours po prn. 1. Allopurinol 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 2. Amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 3. Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, Chewable 4. Calcitriol 0.25 mcg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO DAILY 5. Folic Acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 6. Hydralazine 50 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 7. Isosorbide Dinitrate 20 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO TID 8. Atorvastatin 10 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY 9. Metoprolol Tartrate 50 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO TID 10. Hexavitamin Tablet Sig: One (1) Cap PO DAILY (Daily). 11. Paroxetine HCl 30 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY 12. Calcium Carbonate 500 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) 13. Clonidine 0.2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 times 14. Duloxetine 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) 15. Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One 16. Ferrous Sulfate 325 (65) mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO 17. Albuterol Sulfate 0.083 % (0.83 mg/mL) Solution Sig: One (1) 18. Ipratropium Bromide 0.02 % Solution Sig: One (1) nebulizer 19. Hydroxychloroquine 200 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID 20. Heparin (Porcine) 5,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: 5000 (5000) 21. Loperamide 2 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO TID (3 times 22. Levofloxacin 250 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q24H 23. Metronidazole 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 24. Insulin NPH Human Recomb 100 unit/mL Suspension Sig: Forty 25. Insulin NPH Human Recomb 100 unit/mL Suspension Sig: 26. Insulin Regular Human 300 unit/3 mL Insulin Pen Sig: As per 27. Metoclopramide 10 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO QIDACHS (4 28. Guaifenesin 100 mg/5 mL Syrup Sig: 5-10 MLs PO Q6H (every 6 29. Colchicine 0.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily): Until resolution of acute gout attack in left foot. Extended Care Facility: Hypoglycemia Chronic renal failure Bilateral pneumonia Diarrhea, possible c.diff infection Discharge Condition: appropriate follow up. You were diagnosed with hypoglycemia, severe aspiration 2 weeks of Zosyn/Vancomycin(antibiotics) for your pneumonia and (intestinal infection). You had an abnormality on the imaging of your thyroid. Please arranged. Take your medications as below. If you develop chest pain, shortness of breath, fever, chills, doctor or report to the nearest ER. While you were in the hospital, the pulmonary team evaluated you your chest in weeks, have a sleep study, and have a follow will help to arrange the above issues. Followup Instructions: after discharge. Call to schedule your an outpatient pulmonary follow up in weeks. They would like outpatient sleep study arranged as an outpatient. Your previously scheduled appointments: Provider: MRI Phone: Date/Time: 11:30 Provider: , M.D. Phone: Date/Time: 11:00

Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Chief Complaint: Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: chest tube placement 68-year-old male who is status post chemo XRT for a T2 N2B right a pneumonia. Due to respiratory distress received a tracheotomy was discharge to rehab. On the day of admission, nursing at suctioning some tracheal bleeding. He was transferred to tube, a different on ORL evaluation with clots coming from the trach. Respiratory evaluation. Outside records from indicate that the patient was 2 was 25 with C.diff results pending from rehab and was vancomycin for MRSA pneumonia. Hypertension Exploratory laparatomy about 20 yrs ago for incarcerated hernia Previous gas station maintenance worker, 40 pack-yr history of dysphagia started. Noncontributory. Physical Exam: VS: HR 110s BP 161/72 T 101 97% on trach mask General: NAD, lying in bed HEENT: tongue slightly protruding, firm mass right jaw and NECK: radiation changes anterior/right neck. Tracheostomy. HEART: Regular rhythm, tachycardic without murmurs. LUNGS: Diffuse rhonchorous sounds anterior and posterior chest ABD: Soft, nondistended, PEG-tube site is clean dry and intact. SKIN: Warm and dry without rashes. EXTREMITIES: Warm, no edema. Psych: Alert and oriented with normal affect. Admission Labs: 07:47PM LACTATE-1.7 07:00PM GLUCOSE-169* UREA N-24* CREAT-0.7 SODIUM-132* 07:00PM CK(CPK)-28* 07:00PM cTropnT-0.04* 07:00PM CK-MB-NotDone 07:00PM WBC-23.0*# RBC-3.04* HGB-8.2* HCT-25.3* 03:43AM BLOOD WBC-23.5* RBC-3.39* Hgb-9.3* Hct-29.3* 03:43AM BLOOD Glucose-154* UreaN-14 Creat-0.6 Na-132* 03:43AM BLOOD Calcium-8.1* Phos-3.5 Mg-2.1 Brief Hospital Course: ICU stay, s/p Trach/PEG, presented w tracheostomy tube in false #) Tracheostomy Replacement: on presentation patient initially be full of clots, in the ED, his tracheotomy tube replaced. was not present at discharge. On HD 2, the tracheotomy tube to secure the airway. Which was complicated by a left placed by the SICU team. The chest tube was removed with chest x-ray in days after discharge to make sure the #) Leukocytosis: patient with persistent leukocytosis with white temps. He was recultured, C.diff was sent, and his repeat colonization rather then infection. His chest x-ray on the day #) Nutrition: Continuous tube feeds were transitioned to bolus residuals. #) Hypertension: overall his BP was well controlled but he was split to morning and evening meds. Medications on Admission: 2. Ipratropium Bromide Neb 1 NEB IH Q6H:PRN wheeze 4. Lisinopril 5 mg PO DAILY 5. Acetaminophen (Liquid) 650 mg PO Q6H:PRN pain 7. Albuterol 0.083% Neb Soln 1 NEB IH Q6H:PRN wheezing 9. Atenolol 100 mg PO DAILY 10. OxycoDONE Liquid 5 mg PO Q4H:PRN pain 12. Chloraseptic Throat Spray 1 SPRY PO Q4H:PRN mouth pain 13. Senna 1 TAB PO BID:PRN 15. Ferrous Sulfate 325 mg PO/NG DAILY 17. Furosemide 20 mg PO BID 19. Vancomycin 1000 mg IV Q 24H 1. Albuterol Sulfate 2.5 mg /3 mL (0.083 %) Solution for Nebulization : One (1) Inhalation Q6H (every 6 hours) as 2. Ferrous Sulfate 300 mg (60 mg Iron)/5 mL Liquid : Five (5) mL PO DAILY (Daily): please give via g-tube. 3. Ipratropium Bromide 0.02 % Solution : One (1) Inhalation 4. Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable : One (1) Tablet, Chewable 5. Insulin Regular Human 100 unit/mL Solution : One (1) 6. Lisinopril 5 mg Tablet : One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 7. Atenolol 50 mg Tablet : Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 8. Oxycodone 5 mg/5 mL Solution : Five (5) ml PO Q4H (every 4 9. Lansoprazole 30 mg Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR : One (1) 10. Sodium Chloride 0.65 % Aerosol, Spray : Sprays Nasal 11. Acetaminophen 160 mg/5 mL Solution : Six y 12. Phenol 1.4 % Aerosol, Spray : One (1) Spray Mucous 13. Docusate Sodium 50 mg/5 mL Liquid : One Hundred (100) mg 14. Senna 8.8 mg/5 mL Syrup : Five (5) ML PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation: Please give via PEG . Extended Care Facility: Respiratory Distress At the time of discharge patient had a stable white blood cell tolerating his tube feeds, and considered medically stable for Discharge Instructions: for maturation of the tracheal tract. Dear Mr. , difficulty breathing. The Otolaryngology Surgeons and tracheostomy tube so that you should be able to breathe better. prevent this from happening again in the future. During the by a pneumothorax (left lung collapse) and you had a chest tube chest tube removed. During your time in the hospital you completed your course of No other changes were made to your medication regimen. Please call your doctor or return to the hospital if you pain, worsening cough or sputum production, blood from around Followup Instructions: Provider: , MD Phone: Date/Time: 10:40 Provider: , MD Phone: Date/Time: 11:00

Date of Birth: Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Amitriptyline / Iron / Reglan / Amikacin Attending: Bacteremia Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: 46 year-old male c ESRD s.p renal tpl x 4, HCV, HTN, aortic placed at on for ARF from dehydration blood cultures were positive for MRSA on and group D subsequent was negative. He was started on daptomycin. His from 3.3 to 2.6 on transfer. He was transfused 2 units pRBCs on . was transferred to from an OSH for worsening renal failure he was found to have MRSA in his urine which was treated with at the OSH and required HD. Here his peak Cr was 4.0 (felt to be it was felt that he had a prerenal azotemia in addition to drug may have contributed to his renal failure. His Cr at discharge along with azathioprine and prednisone. For his hypotension, etiologies were entertained, including cervical cord compression hypovolemia, medication effects (he was on labetalol and various dietary changes and advised to keep upright posture as neurology clinic. At the OSH, he had had a hypercarbic had no other respiratory issues as an inpatient at . He was disorder, he was transitioned from dilantin to keppra. For his metoprolol, with higher thresholds given his newly diagnosed . He denies fever, chills, cough, dysuria, graft pain, rash. He 1. End-stage renal disease. 3. Kidney transplant times four. 5. Seizure disorder. 7. Right eye blindness. 9. Peripheral vascular disease. 11. Osteoporosis. 13. Gastrointestinal bleed in . 15. Endocarditis 17. Gout year . 1. Hernia repair. of with last transplant in . 4. Right shoulder replacement. 6. AV graft. 8. Subtotal gastrectomy. Lives w/ parents in . single, no kids. Occasional ethanol cocaine abuse (none since fall, ). Father had prostate cancer. Physical Exam: Gen - appears older than stated age, NAD. Neck - no cervical LAD Chest - port to R anterior chest wall, non-tender, no erythema Lungs - wheezes to right base posteriorly, fine crackles to left Abd - soft, multiple well-healed scars. normoactive BS. graft Ext - Bilaterally assymetric in LE/UE; RUE larger proximally with large scar down medial border c/w with saphenous vein Neuro - A& O x 2. 4/5 strength to UE/LE. minimal usage of instructed no bruising; multiple well healed scars on abdomen Pertinent Results: WBC 3.6 HCT 23.1 PLT 232 LFTs: Iron Binding Capacity, Total 155* ug/dL 260 - 470 Transferrin 119* mg/dL 200 - 360 THYROID HEP C AB : POSITIVE TEE: the left atrium or left atrial appendage. No atrial septal systolic function is normal (LVEF>55%). Right ventricular (>4mm) atheroma in the aortic arch. There are complex (>4mm) leaflets (3) are mildly thickened. Aortic valve gradient was not aortic valve. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve the mitral valve. Trivial mitral regurgitation is seen. No pericardial effusion. ULTRASOUND OF LOWER EXTREMITIES femoral vein extending into the greater saphenous vein and U/S OF TRANSPLANTED KIDNEY : WNL MRI CERVICAL SPINE before, which is severely compressing the right ventral cord and as new minimal amount of prevertebral edema/fluid. The lack of However, given the generalized nature of the edema, the edema as opposed to prevertebral cellulitis from an infectious the C5/6 and C6/7 levels, which is a nonspecific finding. There If there is strong concern for an infectious process, consider 1. Study significantly limited due to patient motion. and C6-7 levels. No evidence of discitis at these levels. edema/fluid in the cervical spine; mild increase in the edema/inflammation. No obvious abscess is noted, within the 4. No evidence of cord compression in the thoracic spine. right paracentral disc extrusion at C5-6, unchanged. 1. No evidence of meningitis or acute intracranial process. suggestive of mastoiditis. RUQ U/S dilatation has increased since . The common bile region of the pancreatic head which is incompletely visualized excluded. If clinically feasible, consider MRCP for further MICROBIOLOGY MRSA from outside hospital. Enterococcus faecalis: to amp, vanc Subsequent surveillance cultures negative. 5:51 pm CATHETER TIP-IV Source: right IJ. PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA. >100,000 ORGANISMS/ML.. . FINDINGS: Frontal view of the pelvis and cone down views of each presumed to be in the soft tissues measuring 3.3 cm on the right Scattered clips overlie the lower abdomen. Alignment is normal. . On the right, there are mixed lucent and sclerotic irregular and proximal tibia most likely representing bone infarcts. Some reflect a subchondral bone infarct. Doubt joint effusion. Dense condyle and vaguer densities in the proximal tibia, also likely proximal medial tibia. Of note, there is a focal multilobulated femoral condyle, with a thin sclerotic rim measuring Possible small joint effusion. No acute fracture identified. Multifocal bone infarcts including There appears relatively extensive to represent a subchondral chondroid lesion or possibly a brown tumor. Further evaluation view, the cortex over this is thinned and if not present location should be considered. EKG: 46 y.o. male admitted for MRSA, Enterococcus, Candidal . # ID - POLYMICROBIAL BACTEREMIA, LINE SOURCE, ?GI source: cx, likely from R chest portacath that was removed soon after anti-hypertensives, afebrile. He had a RIJ TPL placed on . linezolid and PO fluconazole and PO voriconazole when he lost IV showed possible vegetations, but TEE showed no vegetations, no patient throughout admission. Optho assessed the patient for the patient has ocular Alport's findings and is blind in his R dialysis line was placed on . On , a CT abdomen incidentally showed effusions and a CXR pathology, his antibiotics were changed. Fluconazole was indicated for bacteremia, and Linezolid was started for possible The reason Vanco was not started initially was because pt had a aztreonam and linezolid as above). However, since questionable vancomycin was started. Aztreonam was stopped and ciprofloxacin the floor and contiuned these courses of antibiotics. The for CDiff, but toxin testing was negative. He was also Pseudomonas grew from the urine and he was switched to aztreonam pseudomas was resistent and one of the only choices left that he of amikacin. Briefly he was transitioned back from linezolid to developed from the vancomycin. His fluconazole and linezolid courses will be complete on patient's blood made a GI source concerning. He also was consulted and because of a previously seen dilated common MRCP. GI also recommended a colonoscopy. The patient refused His last colonoscopy was in and a polyp that was not up colonoscopy in 1 year. S/P TRANSPLANT insufficiency (discharged with Cr of 2.4) from Alport's dialysis on . Unclear etiology for renal failure, possibly complete as pt uncooperative but no hydronephrosis. The admission. Regular dialysis was restarted and it is likely that stopped. Cyclosporin levels were checked daily and the dose was was kept on calcitriol and epogen with iron at dialysis. . IV access was extremely difficult in this patient. After his lines for 24 hours, and he had a peripheral line placed that was was placed the next day by IR under fluoroscopy. He has 2 His right leg graft was last accessed in fall , and his left infections were under control, the temporary dialysis line was #SPINAL CORD COMPRESSION neurological deficits. He was followed in house by ortho spine and wanted him medically optimized before eventually performing patient off of anticoagulation for 5 days after the procedure movement restriction will be placement of -J collar. antibiotic courses. He has a f/u appointment at with Dr. on Wednesday # RLE DVT: new partially occlusive thrombus in distal SFV. He was was placed. At that time, he was without IV access and heparin coumadin levels were therapeutic. On day of discharge, his INR was 3.6 and should be held tonight. The duration of his anticoagulation is at least six months, if anticoagulation around time of spine surgery will have to be His HTN was difficult to control at his nursing home, but was no evidence of renal artery stenosis on US from . He his SBP dropped into 90's. All anti-hypertensives were held. as needed. On the floor, his blood pressures again decreased in BP meds. As his pressures increased, the meds were added back # Depression: duloxetine. Abilify was stopped during this hospitalization as Anemia - refused both a virtual and traditional colonoscopy. As need a repeat study within 1 year. Hemolysis labs were also epogen at dialysis # Hypercarbic respiratory failure: failure. Thought to be due to combination of reglan and patient. Care should be taken in future when ever sedating . # COPD: -daptomycin 450 mg IV Q48H -furosemide 40 mg PO Qday -aripiprazole 5 mg PO BID -duloxetine 20 mg -fluticasone/salmeterol 250-50mcg/dose disk -azathioprine 25mg PO Q96H -colace 100mg PO BID -pantoprazole 40mg PO Q daily -tamsulosin 0.4mg PO QHS -darbopoetin 40 mcg SQ QWeek -hydrocortisone 0.5% ointment TP QID prn -albuterol 90mcg IH QID prn -odansetron 4 mg IV Q4H prn -acetaminophen 650 mg Q6H prn ALL: PCN -> unknown cellcept -> unknown amitryptyline -> unknown 1. Fluconazole 200 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q24H (every 24 hours) for 10 days: Last dose on . 2. Linezolid 600 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q12H (every 12 hours) for 10 days: Last dose on . 3. Warfarin 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY16 (Once Daily at 16): ** TO BE RESTARTED on **. 4. Cyclosporine 25 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO Q12H 5. Oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO Q8H (every 8 hours) as needed: Hold for RR <12, oversedation. 6. Labetalol 200 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 times a day): Hold for SBP <110, HR <55. 7. Amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily): 8. Prednisone 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 9. Epoetin Alfa 10,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) mL 10. Levetiracetam 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO MON WED 11. Levetiracetam 250 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO SUN, 12. Duloxetine 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) 13. Acetaminophen 500 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 14. Simethicone 80 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, 15. Hydrocortisone 0.5 % Ointment Sig: One (1) Appl Topical TID 16. Bisacodyl 5 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: Two (2) Discharge Disposition: Discharge Diagnosis: Polymicrobial sepsis w/ , enterobacter, and MRSA Pseudomonas UTI C5-6 cord compression Secondary diagnoses: immunosuprresion Hepatitis C R eye blindness PVD Osteoporosis h/o GIB h/o endocarditis h/o gout Stable. Afebrile. INR of 3.6. You were admitted with sepsis felt to be due to an infected lines placed. You were monitored in the ICU initially because of emboli to your lungs and your pulmonary status should be in your lung. You were transferred to the floor once you were line infection, but you are currently being treated successfully these antibiotics (last dose on ). You also had a UTI You completed the course of this antibiotic while you were still hemodialysis. You had a permanent tunneled line placed for HD last dialyzed on . Your cyclosporine is being tapered should continue taking both prednisone and cyclosporine at your hospitalized. You were initially treated with heparin and then your PT/INR checked at each dialysis session to insure that your AS YOUR INR TODAY IS 3.6. Please start taking 2mg of coumadin on have the doctors at rehab adjust your dose of coumadin based on hospitalization. You were monitored by ortho-spine who felt that begin to develop symptoms or once you complete your course of collar as a precaution with transportation and movement until instructed. You need a repeat colonoscopy because you have blood in your recommend that you follow-up with your PCP to schedule this as in the past. Please continue taking all your medications as prescribed. Followup Instructions: 11am. , , . Please call his appointment. Please follow up with Dr. on Monday, , at questions about this appointment. Her office is located at LMOB can make this appointment by calling .

